ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

CARE

COMPETITIVE +SUSTAINABLE + GROWTH

Eucerin Hansaplast LA PRAIRIE CHANTECAILLE

STRENGTHEN OUR BRANDS BY ENRICHING THEIR PURPOSE

GROWTH DRIVERS

FAST FORWARD WIN WITH UNLOCK
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION SKIN CARE WHITE SPOT POTENTIAL

FUEL THE GROWTH THROUGH
INCREASED PRODUCTIVITY

BUILD ON STRONG FOUNDATIONS:
CULTURE - CORE VALUES - CAPABILITIES - CARE BEYOND SKIN

53
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Foundation of the Group

T Business and Strategy

With a strong, global brand portfolio, Beiersdorf has developed into one of the world’s leading
companies in the consumer goods industry over the past 140 years - with over 170 international
subsidiaries and more than 20,000 employees worldwide. Our business is divided into two separate,
independently operating business segments. In both segments, we hold market-leading positions
and are confident that we can further maintain and expand our advantage by bringing key innova-
tions with genuine added value to the market.

e Inthe Consumer Business Segment, our focus is on skin and body care. Our strong portfolio
comprises brands such as NIVEA, Eucerin, La Prairie, and Hansaplast, which are trusted by people
around the world.

e Inthe tesa Business Segment, we concentrate on developing innovative adhesive tapes and
self-adhesive solutions for industry, craft businesses, and end consumers. Since 2001, tesa has
been managed as an independent subgroup.

Consumer

Our strategy

The Beiersdorf name has stood for skin care since 1882. This is our core competency - and we want
to deliver added value for our consumers in this area and ensure that people all around the world feel
good in their skin.

In 2019, we formulated our C.A.R.E.+ business strategy. This describes our strategic priorities and is
the means by which we want to secure our competitive, sustainable growth. The strategy focuses on
the following areas:

e Strengthen our brands by enriching their purpose
e Fast forward digital transformation

e Win with skin care

e Unlock white spot potential

e Fuel the growth through increased productivity

¢ Build on strong foundations: Culture - Core Values - Capabilities - Care Beyond Skin

We achieved major steps in implementing our C.A.R.E.+ strategy in the reporting year. Below,
we briefly introduce the most important progress.

Strengthen our brands with purpose

Brand purpose has become increasingly important in recent years, as today’s consumers are inter-
ested in more than just product performance. They want to know what a brand stands for and what

it is committed to. Our iconic NIVEA, Eucerin, and Hansaplast brands have already been living and
communicating their brand purposes for several years now. NIVEA stands for “Care for Human Touch
to Inspire Togetherness.” With the purpose “WE BELIEVE IN THE LIFE-CHANGING POWER OF
DERMATOLOGICAL SKINCARE”, we express that Eucerin is committed to sustainably improving
people's quality of life - with dermocosmetic solutions for very individual skin problems.

1 Sections marked with FJ contain information that is part of our Non-financial Statement.

94
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Our Hansaplast brand, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2022, promises consumers, "We've
got you covered. For a life uninterrupted.”

Fast forward digital transformation

Digitalization in our company and business plays a decisive role in tapping new growth potential.
That is why we have long been systematically driving digitalization as part of our C.A.R.E.+ strategy.

Our e-commerce business is constantly growing with every year. We also want to engage more
strategically with our consumers and fulfill their individual wishes. This means being with them in the
digital spaces they already use and sending the right message at the right time. We again invested in
digital approaches on a large scale in the reporting year, particularly on our social media channels,
and stepped up personalized communication with consumers using precision marketing, including
through partnerships with influencers and providers of digital technologies such as MikMak, Google,
and Amazon. This way, we want to be close to our target groups, build trust, and improve the
effectiveness of our marketing activities.

In addition to our marketing activities and investments in the e-commerce business, we implemented
a series of initiatives in 2022 to further accelerate the digital transformation within Beiersdorf. These
also form part of our “Digital Fast Forward” strategic program - our vision for 2025 to digitalize our
business and improve our consumers’ lives in a lasting way. Examples of these initiatives include our
use of artificial intelligence (Al), for example in the rapid development of effective, sustainable, and
safe formulas, and our large-scale digital skin research study SKINLY. These topics are presented

in more detail in the “Research and Development” section. Digitalization is increasingly finding its
way into other areas, too. Examples are provided in the “People at Beiersdorf” section under “Digital
transformation.” To accelerate the digital transformation as a whole, we are also committed to investing
in our employees’ digital skills. We offer employees a range of ways to keep pace with the rapid
changes in technology.

Win with skin care

Our strategic focus “Win with skin care” is another essential element of our success. We want to bring
key innovations with genuine added value to the market by developing fewer but bigger and better
innovations and implementing global campaigns. This means that, in future, innovations and cam-
paigns will generally take place in all markets relevant for us. In the reporting year, we also began
taking NIVEA, our world-leading skin care brand, to the next level. We aim to make NIVEA an even
more global, digital, and sustainable brand that excites our consumers all around the world. A good
example of the NIVEA potential is the LUMINOUS630® Anti-Dark Spot face care range introduced in
2020, which has since become a global success story and growth driver.

Further progress on our “Win with skin care” strategic objective in the reporting year came from our
sustainability commitment. By enhancing existing, particularly popular products, we have made the
skin care routines of millions of people around the world more sustainable and achieved a contri-
bution to climate protection. For example, we have improved the composition of our classic NIVEA
Soft to reduce the formula-based carbon footprint by up to 40% (compared to the previous formula).
Additionally, we bring the product to market with a vegan (without animal derived ingredients),

98% biodegradable (according to OECD or equivalent methods) formula. In addition, we balanced
the remaining emissions through certified climate protection projects, thereby “climate-neutralizing”?
the product. We have also achieved an improved environmental performance by relaunching the
packaging for NIVEA shower care products. The range, which has an improved formula since 2021, is
now available in a lightweight bottle made from at least 96% recycled plastic and 20% less material
than before. This has enabled a 32% reduction in packaging-related CO, emissions. Beiersdorf is
playing a leading role in the sector in terms of its target setting, performance, and transparency on
climate change, forests, and water security. At the end of the reporting year, the non-profit organization

2 More information on www.nivea.com/climate.

95
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) awarded Beiersdorf a top score and, as one of only 13 companies
worldwide, a place on its “Triple-A list.”

We want to win with skin care while also unlocking growth potential. The acquisition of Chantecaille
Beaute Inc. in February 2022 has brought us a step closer to this goal. We see Chantecaille as an ideal
addition to Beiersdorf's premium skin care range. Whereas La Prairie is positioned as a luxury brand,
the globally represented Chantecaille brand serves consumers looking for prestige cosmetics and is
therefore aimed at a wider target group.

With the acquisition of S-Biomedic, a life sciences company, which is active in the field of skin
microbiome research, Beiersdorf also strengthened its expertise in the field of acne treatment in the
reporting year. Further information can be found in the chapter “Research and Development.”

Unlock white spot potential

Another element of Beiersdorf’s C.A.R.E.+ strategy is tapping into new potential for growth. We are
concentrating on “white spots” - markets and business areas where we are not yet present or would like
to further expand our presence. In 2022, for example, we entered the world’s largest sun care market,
the United States, with Eucerin Sun products. With our Chantecaille brand, we want to further accelerate
our growth in the prestige cosmetics segment on the North American and Asian markets - and here
especially in China.

With the recent launch of La Prairie on the Chinese online platform JD.com, we were also able to
tap further growth potential for our e-commerce business in this strategically important market.
For several years now, we have been operating with our core brands on China's largest cross-
border platform TMall, from Alibaba. Both JD.com and TMall offer us great potential for substantial
growth in China.

Both our global production and logistics network and our innovation network form an important basis
for future growth potential. The ultra-modern innovation center in New Jersey, USA, which opened in
the reporting year, is our first global center of excellence for sun care products outside Hamburg. By
developing Eucerin Sun products specially tailored to US regulations and sharpening the Coppertone
range, the innovation center will contribute to the growth of our business in this region. We anticipate
similar growth impetus in China from the innovation center we opened in Shanghai in 2020.

Fuel the growth through increased productivity

We firmly believe that investment is a prerequisite for growth and innovation. At the same time, we
strive to constantly improve our Group's efficiency through strict cost discipline and a focused, lean
organization. This is essential to fueling growth through increased productivity, one of the key pillars
of our C.A.R.E.+ strategy.

Various measures taken in the reporting year helped us further increase the efficiency, agility, and
resilience of our supply chain, allowing us to respond even better to the changing circumstances.
At global level, we invested, for example, in expanding our production plants in Poland and Mexico.
For us, new production lines and modern technology are the basis for future growth. We are investing

almost €200 million to expand our production site in Poland. After completion of the expansion in
Mexico in 2024, Beiersdorf Manufacturing Mexico (BMM) will be one of Beiersdorf's three largest
production sites.

We have invested heavily in Leipzig, too, in order to create a future-proof, ultra-modern supply chain
infrastructure for Central Europe. Almost €300 million are going into the construction of our new
production plant, which is due to begin operation in 2023. Up to 450 million cosmetics products

will roll off the production line at the 32,000 m? plant every year, including deodorants and shaving

96
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

foams for the entire European market and for export further afield. There will be scope to expand
capacity further in future depending on market and business development. In close proximity to the
new plant, a state-of-the-art hub for the European supply chain network is being created by 2027 with
an investment volume of over €200 million. We are striving for the highest sustainability standards

in all production buildings. The aim for the new production plants and extensions is to achieve gold
certification under the widely recognized rating system for sustainable buildings, LEED (Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design).

We also achieved an important climate protection milestone in January 2022 with our Berlin plant,
Beiersdorf Manufacturing Berlin (BMB). Since the start of the reporting year, this has been the first
plant in Beiersdorf's production network to achieve virtually climate-neutral operation in terms of
Scope 1 and 2 emissions. To enable this, it has switched from natural gas, a fossil fuel, to biomethane.
Only parts of the vehicle fleet and the emergency power supply (1%) continue to run on fossil fuels.
These residual emissions are offset using high-quality CO, certificates.

Building on our strong foundations:
Culture - Core Values - Capabilities - Care Beyond Skin®

Our employees are our most important capital. They make a decisive contribution to our commercial
success and noticeably shape our unique corporate culture with its qualities such as openness, trust,
honesty, and respect. This culture is underpinned by our Core Values of Care, Simplicity, Courage,
and Trust. These values ensure that we act as a team and support each other - always with the aim of
fulfilling our consumers’ needs and wishes to the best of our ability and meeting our responsibility
toward society and the environment.

Our purpose Care Beyond Skin is an expression of what Beiersdorf stands for and what defines us as a
company - because our care and concern go far beyond our core competence, skin. We want to make
a positive contribution to our society and our planet. By acting in a way that recognizes our social
responsibility, for example with emergency aid in crisis situations or through the diverse initiatives
of our sustainability agenda, we aim to bring this purpose to life. Detailed information about our
sustainability agenda can be found in the Non-financial Statement.

We initiated a change in our corporate culture in the reporting year with the “Behavior Activation
Journey,” in order to integrate behaviors into our day-to-day work that play an important role in our
success. Under the banner “Speak Up,” we at Beiersdorf want to promote a culture in which employees
have the courage to question things and to form and openly share their own opinions. “Prioritization”
is about setting the right priorities that will better enable us to implement fewer yet bigger and better
innovations in the future. “Mental health” is also one of the main drivers behind this focal point,

as setting the right priorities is intended to reduce employees’ workload and encourage them to
better set and respect their personal boundaries. More details on this can be found in the “People at
Beiersdorf" chapter under “Leadership.”

Beiersdorf has also been driving the transformation to the new world of work for several years

now. This, too, is part of a comprehensive cultural shift designed to make both the company and

its employees fit for the challenges of the future. From hybrid or flexible working to modern work-
places, Beiersdorf is committed to actively shaping the future world of work. And we are bringing our
employees with us on this journey. We invest continuously in training our workforce in the firm belief
that the skills and expertise of our employees are essential to our sustainable growth and long-term
success. We are becoming a learning organization with our global learning strategy, which encour-
ages self-directed, lifelong learning by all, preparing everyone for the working world of the future.
Further information can be found in the “People at Beiersdorf” chapter.

3 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

o/
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

tesa

tesa SE (referred to in the following as “tesa”) is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive
products and system solutions for industrial customers and consumers. tesa SE, a 100% owned
subsidiary of Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, is managed as an independent subgroup that is the
direct or indirect parent company of 61 tesa affiliates (previous year: 61), employs 4,982 people and
operates in more than 100 countries.

In fiscal year 2022, tesa sold tesa Labtec GmbH, Germany. In addition, tesa ME FZE, Dubai, has been
launched in the United Arab Emirates. The number of affiliates thus remains unchanged.

tesa operates worldwide, with its main focus on Europe, followed by the business regions of Africa/
Asia/Australia and the Americas. In addition to the German locations, the affiliates in China, the
United States, Italy, and Singapore are among tesa’s largest and most strategically important single
companies. tesa has production facilities in Europe (Germany and Italy), the Americas (USA), and
Asia (China). A further site is being built in Vietnam. The company headquarters, which include the
research and technology center, are located in Norderstedt, near Hamburg.

Industry

In the Industry division, tesa supplies specialized system solutions directly to industrial customers,
especially in the automotive, electronics, printing and paper, and building and construction
industries. The strategic focus is primarily on developing and expanding profitable business lines
in technologically advanced fields of application. tesa’s system solutions are used to optimize and
enhance the efficiency of production processes, as fastening solutions in construction-related
applications - often offering features beyond just bonding - and as customized protection and
packaging systems.

Along with direct business, the technical retail trade is part of the Industry division. Through retail
partners, tesa offers a wide range of products for diverse applications in various industrial sectors,
including product ranges for assembly and repair, tapes to secure items during transportation, and
adhesive solutions for the packaging industry.

Consumer

The Consumer division encompasses those markets in which tesa supplies end consumers with
market-driven products via retail partners or retail-like channels. This includes product ranges
aimed at private consumers and craftspeople. tesa also uses online business to offer products for
sale directly to end customers.

The Consumer business is focused on Europe and Latin America. It sells both long-established and
innovative product solutions intended for various applications, including for daily use in offices, at
home, and in crafts. Under the tesa® umbrella brand, end consumers find a broad assortment of more
than 300 innovative products in DIY stores and superstores as well as in paper goods and stationery
shops and online. tesa provides tailor-made ranges for professional craftspeople and designs its
marketing concepts for the specific target groups.

58
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Management and Control

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably increasing its value. In
addition to the functional areas of responsibility within the Executive Board, there are regional areas
of responsibility. The Executive Board is closely involved in the company’s operational business in
particular through the allocation of responsibilities for the regions and markets. A breakdown of
the Executive Board's areas of responsibility can be found in the chapter “Beiersdorf AG Boards” of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The tesa Business Segment is managed as an

independent subgroup.

Information on the remuneration of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as well as on incentive
and bonus systems is provided in the Remuneration Report, which can be obtained in the section
“Additional information.” The Combined Management Report includes the Corporate Governance
Statement of Beiersdorf AG and the Group in accordance with §§ 289f and 315d Handelsgesetzbuch
(German Commercial Code, HGB), which is also made publicly available on the company’s website at
www.beiersdorf.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-statement.

Value Management and Performance Management System

The goal of Beiersdorf's business activities is to sustainably increase the company’s market share by
achieving qualitative growth and, at the same time, to expand its earnings base. The long-term key
performance indicators - organic sales growth‘ in conjunction with market share development, EBIT,
and the EBIT margin before special factors (the ratio of EBIT to sales) - are derived from this goal.
The aim is to generate internationally competitive returns through continuous investment in growth
opportunities, systematic cost management, and the highly efficient use of resources. The develop-
ment of the relevant key perfomance indicators can be found in the section “Results of Operations.”

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet these strategic goals.
Corporate management derives business performance targets for the individual units in the Group
for the coming year from the Group's strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and
affiliates. Formal adoption by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of the Group's planning for
the following year is generally toward the end of the year. In specific cases the planning is not finalized
until the beginning of the fiscal year in view of current developments.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with target values and with the current forecast for
the year as a whole at regular intervals during the fiscal year. These comparisons are used to manage

the business in line with the objectives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the Group. It is also managed
on the basis of sales growth, the operating result (EBIT), and the EBIT margin. |

4 For the definition of organic sales growth refer to Significant Accounting Policies (“Notes to the Segment Reporting").

59
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Research and Development

Research and development is particularly important for an innovation-driven company like Beiersdorf.
It is not just the key to our success but part of our corporate DNA.

Trend-setting technologies, sustainable concepts, and digitalization opportunities are essential to
Beiersdorf, and we continuously embrace and encourage them. We regularly evaluate our research
and development program and define clear focus areas for each business segment:

e Inthe Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf develops innovative, high-quality skin care products.
We use these to respond to our consumers’ wishes, taking into account regional characteristics and
important topics such as sustainability.

e Inthe tesa Business Segment, we develop innovative adhesive tapes and self-adhesive solutions for
industry, commercial customers, and end consumers. Here, sustainability and energy-conserving
production processes are always at the forefront of our work, in addition to being able to respond
flexibly to current demands and market trends - always with the aim of making the workflows of our
customers around the globe even better and more environmentally friendly.

As of December 31, 2022, 1,591 people were employed in research and development at Beiersdorf
worldwide (previous year: 1,530). Of this total, 1,007 (previous year: 978) worked in the Consumer
Business Segment and 584 (previous year: 552) in the tesa Business Segment.

As in past years, we increased our spending on research and development once again in the reporting
year. At the end of the fiscal year, expenditure in this area amounted to €291 million, up 8.3% on the
previous year (€268 million). In the Consumer Business Segment, Beiersdorf invested €216 million
(+6.8%) and in the tesa Business Segment €75 million (+12.9%) in research and development over
the past year.

Consumer

Excellence in Skin Care Research

Beiersdorf has always excelled in skin research. It drives our strength in innovation and boosts our
competitiveness. By deciphering the complex processes of the skin, developing effective active
ingredients, and making use of the latest technologies, we are always developing new innovations
and products that clearly align with consumers’ wishes. We want to create skin care products that
touch people's lives all around the world.

Our intensive, application-oriented research not only helps us continuously expand our deep under-
standing of the human skin - it opens up many opportunities in the highly dynamic field of skin
biology and, consequently, is an important focus of our work. In the reporting year, we focused on the
following areas of research among others:

e Asignificant part of our research work for almost 40 years has been developing modern,
non-animal-based methods to assess safety. We use these to provide evidence of the safety
of our ingredients and products. As in the past years, in fiscal year 2022, we continued our
intensive collaboration with the worldwide community of safety scientists - especially the Long
Range Science Strategy (LRSS) Consortium of Cosmetics Europe, whose program came to an
end halfway through the reporting year. As a founding member of the new body International
Collaboration on Cosmetics Safety (ICCS), we work with other companies, associations, and
NGOs with the goal of promoting global regulatory recognition, expertise, and the comprehensive
use of animal-free safety science for cosmetic and skin care products and their ingredients.

60
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Through research, education, targeted training, and regulatory engagement, ICCS wants to
improve global awareness and trust in alternative scientific methods to animal testing and
thereby to further develop innovation work in the modern era of animal-free research. In our
view, the Next Generation Risk Assessment (NGRA) is exposure-led and hypothesis-driven and
is based on combining data from in silico, in chemico, and in vitro methods (the new approach
methodologies - NAM). Toxicokinetics, with the application of the ADME methods (absorption,
distribution, metabolism and elimination), plays an important role for us in enabling a reliable
risk assessment. The ADME methods examine how active ingredients enter the body and in
what quantities they are found in different body areas. A large number of ADME tools are
being developed and used alongside PBPK (physiologically based pharmacokinetic) modeling,
forming an important component of next-generation risk assessment. In a presentation at the
ESTIV Congress 2022 (Congress of the European Society of Toxicology In Vitro), we highlighted
the essential role of modern ADME methods as the next generation of safety assessment, for
example for UV filters and preservative agents. We also discussed the use of ADME methods,
especially metabolism and PBPK modeling, for assessing the body's potential internal threshold
of toxicological concern (iTTC).

¢ Protection against sun-related skin damage is a major research focus for Beiersdorf. Our
skin scientists research the sun's impact on the skin and use the findings to develop pioneering
solutions and products for sun-related skin indications. We continued this work in the reporting
year. One example of our research activities in this area was a unique cosmetic sun care product
that a research team developed specially for a girl with the rare photosensitivity disease EPP
(erythropoietic protoporphyria). In this condition, caused by a rare gene defect, the blue light
in sunlight causes the formation of free radicals in the skin - a chemical process associated with
severe pain. Previous research findings on high-energy visible light showed that the girl needed
cosmetic sun protection containing special light-diffusing pigments. These prevent light from
penetrating the skin. The protection specially developed by the Beiersdorf researchers enable
the girl to come into contact with sunlight for short periods. It cannot cure the disease but helps
to improve her quality of life. The cosmetic sunscreen was especially developed for the girl and
her individual skin needs, and thus is not part of the Beiersdorf product portfolio or available for
sale. We have also achieved progress in our collaboration with the ALT-SPF consortium, which
aims to establish sun protection tests that are less invasive, more reliable, and more precise.
Various partners, including Beiersdorf, have provided their own samples, which have been
blinded by an independent institute and are currently being tested by various laboratories,
including our own in Hamburg and New Jersey. The complete test results will be available in the
course of 2023.

e Inthe field of skin research, we continued our work on our patented active ingredient against
hyperpigmentation, Thiamidol, during the reporting year. We released the results in another
scientific publication. Working with the Department of Dermatology at the Céte d’Azur University
in Nice, France, we conducted a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study on partici-
pants with a darker complexion. This tested the efficacy and tolerability of a skin care regimen with
Thiamidol over 24 weeks compared with a vehicle control. We performed this long-term study in
Mauritius due to the hot, tropical weather conditions there. A continous improvement in hyperpig-
mentation spots on the face was observed throughout the entire duration of the study. The results
show that the treatment is highly effective and well tolerated even under demanding climatic
conditions for cosmetics.

¢ Our scientists also continued our research on the coenzyme Q10. Their efforts helped us achieve
important new findings on this coenzyme, which occurs naturally in the body, and its role in the
skin aging process. In cooperation with scientists from the Hamburg-based research center DESY
(Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron), the University of Hamburg, and the Fraunhofer Institute for
Applied Polymer Research (IAP), we succeeded in the reporting year in visualizing for the first time
the cellular uptake of the coenzyme Q10 and its pathway within the skin cells. We were thus able to

61
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

provide visual evidence that Q10 is absorbed by every single cell. The key element of this research
breakthrough was the use of the XRF method (X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy). This is based on
the principle of X-ray fluorescence analysis - an imaging method from materials analysis that is
generally used to examine solid samples and reveal what is hidden within them. The findings offer
considerable potential for further scientific applications in global Q10 research, for example in
cancer therapy, and beyond O10 skin research. Given its importance, the research was evaluated by
independent scientists and published in a renowned journal in order to make it accessible to other
research groups. In May 2022, Beiersdorf also welcomed renowned international Q10 researchers
to the skin research center in Hamburg as part of the 10th Conference of the International Coenzyme
Q10 Association (ICQA). Here, they discussed new findings on topics such as Q10 biosynthesis, aging
and metabolism, skin care, and dietary supplements, and underscored the continued importance
of Q10 research.

e In 2022, we again stepped up our work in microbiome research, which examines the complex
communities of microorganisms (e.g. bacteria) in ecosystems such as the skin. We continue to play
an important role in this field. In cooperation with the universities in Hamburg and with Aarhus Uni-
versity in Denmark, we succeeded in exploring the complex ecosystem even more closely in order
to develop new cosmetic approaches and formulas that work in harmony with the skin's natural pro-
cesses. In the course of this work, we have developed a new methodology that we patented in the
reporting year and are using successfully. This allows scientists to more precisely examine selected
bacterial strains - always keeping in mind that the composition and balance of all the microbes living
on the skin is pivotal to our skin health. In particular, the researchers gained new insights into the
relationship between staphylococci and cutibacteria. These two types of bacteria interact with each
other and coexist peacefully in a healthy skin microbiome. If the microbiome becomes unbalanced,
this can trigger skin disorders such as acne or eczemas. The results will help us develop new
microbiome-based care products, particularly for acne sufferers. We published the main findings
of our research work in the reporting year in three academic publications. In addition, at the end
of the fiscal year, we announced the acquisition of the Belgian life sciences company S-Biomedic.
The company, in which we already invested in 2018 as part of our corporate venture activities, is
considered a pioneer in the field of skin microbiome research. S-Biomedic will continue to be man-
aged as a standalone entity under Beiersdorf’s existing microbiome program. It will complement
the Group's own research activities in this field and therefore strengthen our innovative capacity.

We use global patents to protect our intellectual property and the results of our intensive research
activities. At the end of the reporting year, our global patent portfolio included some 1,500 active
patents (previous year: approximately 1,800). Worldwide, we filed around 50 new patent applications
during the reporting year (previous year: 64). As of December 31, 2022, approximately 600 patents
were in the ongoing grant procedure (previous year: 900).

Transformation of the F&E organization

We restructured the F&E organization effective June 1 of the reporting year. With the new structure,
we want to make the organization fit for the future and respond even better to changing circum-
stances and consumer expectations as part of the company-wide transformation process. The aim

is to focus on fewer innovations but achieve more impact with them (FEWER, BIGGER, BETTER) and
bring them to market faster. The move is also designed to enable people to work together in a more
integrated way, to learn from each other, and make greater use of synergy effects - between the
headquarters, innovation centers, and development laboratories as well as other functions within
the organization. The model is built on four pillars: Breakthrough Innovations, Grow the Core, One
Global R&D, and Sustainability. The new organizational model follows the three-part strategy Explore,
Enable, Exploit. Explore teams work on the early stages of developing innovations - they bring
together consumers’ wishes with our expertise in skin. Enabling teams are task with easing the transi-
tion from idea to product by developing new methods and testing the efficacy of our products.
Exploit teams concentrate on product relaunches or additions to the product portfolio for our core

62
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

innovations such as Q10. Their role is also to take breakthrough innovations such as Thiamidol or
W630 and ready them for the market. This involves efficiently guiding them through the Integrated
Innovation Management (IIM) process.

Collaboration promotes innovative strength

For Beiersdorf, collaboration with external partners is an important part of research and development
work. We are convinced that by combining our complementary expertise and our strengths, we can
increase our joint innovative strength and speed up development of skin care for the future. A large
number of research institutes, universities, start-ups, independent scientists, and suppliers belonged
to our global collaboration network in the reporting year.

In addition to our specific cooperation agreements, we advocate the principle of open innovation
and involve external partners in many of our development projects and in raw material scouting.
Since 2016, we have gathered these open innovation activities under the name “Pearlfinders -

We Open Innovation.” We offer interested parties all around the world access to our confidential
scientific research topics via the associated “Trusted Network” online platform. The network, which is
based on mutual trust, fairness, and partnership, also invites them to contribute their own ideas and
problem-solving approaches.

In addition to this network, Beiersdorf has also had a seat on the Foundation Council of the DESY
research center in Hamburg since mid-2022. This not only gives us valuable insights into the latest
interdisciplinary, wide-ranging research projects of the DESY research center and partner research
institutes - it also allows us to continue to help shape the creation of start-up innovation centers in
Hamburg.

In June 2022, staff from the F&E start-up scouting team initiated the Joint Corporate Start-up Pitch
Day on Sustainability together with our long-standing partner and specialty chemicals company
Evonik. The aim was to step up dialogue with interested start-ups and to find partners with innovative
and sustainable raw material and packaging solutions. Fifteen start-ups from various countries were
chosen from more than 100 applicants to present their technologies and business models in detail at
the event and to jointly evaluate opportunities for partnership. The companies chosen work primarily
in sustainable biotechnology, green chemistry, sustainable packaging, and digital solutions.

We also agreed a special partnership in 2022 with the South Korean supplier COSMECCA KOREA. The
South Korean cosmetics industry is considered highly innovative. “K Beauty” is the source of numerous
product trends that later find their way into the skin care routines of many Europeans. COSMECCA's
aim is to set trends by reflecting consumers’ needs and collaborating with global partners. The joint
launch of a Eucerin product in the East Asian market is an early example of this strong teamwork.

Strong research network

Beiersdorf’s research and development has a global presence. Our global research network strengthens
our business and makes a substantial contribution to our success. The largest site in our global
research and development network is our skin research center in Hamburg, Germany, where we
employed 738 (previous year: 741) researchers and developers as of December 31, 2022. Here, we

essentially carry out important application-oriented research. This research is helping us to better
understand the skin’s own (metabolic) processes and, based on this knowledge, to develop new
products that meet people’s needs - for example with new active ingredients or with the aid of new
technologies, such as artificial intelligence. The new “Early Innovation” department we created in
2021 is also helping us to boost our innovative strength and increase public recognition of Beiersdorf
as a leading innovator in skin care. The 19- member department (previous year: 16 employees) aims
to drive a cross-brand, cross-category long-term innovation roadmap with strong innovation stories.
The team acts as a catalyst between all the specialist disciplines that are involved in the innovation

63
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

process. One specific measure in the reporting year was the holding of the first Innovation Fair,
an internal event focused on current innovation projects that promotes inspiration, dialogue, and
strategic discussion.

Since product quality, safety, and compatibility have top priority for Beiersdorf, newly developed
products are tested thoroughly by external experts and in Beiersdorf’s own test center within the skin
research center before being launched on the market. In the reporting period, in Hamburg alone, we
carried out 350 studies with 8,000 participants (previous year: 330 studies with 8,500 participants).
Externally, in 2022, we conducted another 1,320 studies with 32,000 participants (previous year:
1,300 studies with 33,500 participants).

In addition to the large skin research center in Hamburg, our global research and development
network includes two large innovation centers in China (Shanghai) and the United States (New
Jersey) as well as development laboratories in Brazil, India, and Japan. They enable us to address
cultural, aesthetic, and climatic conditions and develop products that correspond to individual
local needs and preferences. Through this network we participate in global innovation and have
access to local experts and talent, providing valuable ideas and insights for our global research
and development work.

Our innovation center in Shanghai, China, which opened in July 2020 and is the second largest site
in our research network at 7,500 m’, set three strategic priorities for 2022: digitalization, a faster pace
in development, and sustainability. In digitalization, the aim was to integrate artificial intelligence and
automation into our work processes, for example with the introduction of the new NIVEA MEN Oil
Control range of products. Use of Al and a computer simulation tool minimized risks in the design
phase and enabled faster, smoother development and introduction of the packaging. Procuring the
world’s first desktop injection molding machine for a packaging prototyping lab enabled us to speed
up the creation of prototypes using 3D printing within the lab. Using artificial intelligence allows us to
better predict long-term stability and considerably reduce the number of test batches required. Our
innovation center in Shanghai also recorded another success in 2022 with the introduction of the first
100% food safe PCR HDPE bottles in the NIVEA MEN Oil Control range and of 100% food safe PCR
PET bottles for the launch of the NIVEA MEN Sensitive Pro shaving foam. Sustainability is growing in
importance for consumers in northeast Asia, too. By implementing the global Beiersdorf sustainability

agenda and reducing the use of PCR materials by more than 1,100% compared with 2021, Beiersdorf
is meeting the needs of many consumers in Asia.

Further new product launches developed specially for the Asian market in the reporting year can be
found in the “Product highlights” section.

Our ultra-modern innovation center in Florham Park, New Jersey, USA, continued its intensive
clinical research in 2022 along with the development of local product innovations for the NIVEA,
Eucerin, Aquaphor, and Coppertone brands for the North American market. Among other features,
the site has a special sensor technology laboratory for increased interaction with consumers and
works closely together with the development laboratory in Hamburg, Germany, in the area of sun-
screen innovations. Eucerin Sun expanded into the United States in the reporting year with a total of
seven sun care products. This is the largest sun care market in the world. With its range of sun care
products that cater to individual skin indications and are also good to the skin, Beiersdorf has filled a
“white spot” in the North American market. Sun protection products are subject to special regulations in
the USA, which meant it was not possible to simply replicate the existing global Eucerin Sun products.
Our researchers at the innovation center in New Jersey developed new formulas based on five anti-
oxidants and other ingredients. With these, we not only comply with the legal requirements but also
want to meet the needs of the consumers. Further information on product innovations at the Copper-
tone and Aquaphor brands can be found in the section “Product highlights.”

64
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Digitalization and Artificial Intelligence

Topics such as artificial intelligence (Al) and digitalization are becoming increasingly important in the
field of skin research. Beiersdorf was among those driving research activities and progress in these
areas in recent months, as indicated by the examples above. In 2022, we continued our Al-based
global skin study SKINLY. Launched at the end of 2019, this project is still one of the world’s largest
skin care studies involving consumers. The special feature of this study is that consumers are actively
involved by means of digital tools - a special measurement device (including a moisture sensor and
three different light sources) and a complementary app - and send details about their individual skin
properties, in other words, skin age, wrinkle depth, skin tone, complexion, and impurities, as well as
information about sleep, nutrition, special skin features, menstrual cycle, and climatic conditions, up
to twice per day. The results help us to better understand our consumers and their skin as well as the
impact of external factors. With machine learning based on artificial intelligence, the unique ecosystem
created for the study learns something new with every measurement.

More than 16,000 consumers aged between 18 and 80+ from various countries have already taken
part since the end of 2019. Over 600 million data points and more than 80 million high-quality skin
images have been measured and generated. The more high-quality data is available, the better our
data scientists will be able to translate this into relevant, actionable new knowledge for our research,
development, and marketing.

During the reporting year, we also used artificial intelligence to develop and optimize formulas. The
Al technology and platform provided by our partner Uncountable enabled us to process complex
data volumes faster and, as a consequence, to identify new, more sustainable formulas more effi-
ciently. In addition to this, we began using a formulation robot to develop formulas in the reporting
year. This allows us to efficiently study process parameters on a small scale to give our formulas a
more sustainable upscaling process. Automation and artificial intelligence are equally important
when it comes to researching and developing future efficacy tests on test subjects. This has been
shown by our collaboration with the Technical University of Applied Sciences Wildau, which began
during the reporting year. Together, we developed a robotics system for automated in vivo meas-
urements to obtain a greater quality and quantity of data. The first feasibility studies have already
taken place successfully.

We see enormous potential in artificial intelligence and will therefore continue to utilize its benefits
for us in the future and, hence, expand digitalization in research.

R&D sustainability pledge’

Continuous development of innovative, high quality skin care products over the last 140 years is
what has made us one of the world’s leading skin care companies. Our claim has always been to
continuously bring new innovations to market that offer our consumers added value and best fulfill
their needs. One aspect that has become increasingly important to consumers in recent years is the
environmental compatibility of our products. This applies equally to product formulas and pack-
aging, both of which we optimize each year, as a matter of conviction, in line with the four sustain-
ability principles: “avoid, reduce, reuse, recycle.” That means, for example, that we use ingredients
with lower emissions, reduce volumes of materials or waste, integrate recycled materials, and use
alternatives to petroleum-based plastics. In this context, we formulated our own claim in our R&D

sustainability pledge in 2021. Accordingly, we want to achieve maximum product effect with as few
ingredients as possible and, wherever feasible, use sustainable, biodegradable and/or renewable
raw materials and packaging. Many of our product highlights demonstrate the progress we are
achieving here. These include the new, more climate-friendly NIVEA Soft formula we introduced

to the market in the reporting year. The relaunch of the new NIVEA shower care range in 2022 was

1 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

65
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

another important step on the way to more climate-friendly products. The products are introduced
in more detail in the section “Product highlights.”

In relation to our product packaging, we announced our Plastic Pledge 2025 back in 2019. With this
pledge, we plan to increase the share of recycled material in our European plastic packaging to 30%
by 2025 and to use recycled materials and a reduction in packaging weight to cut the consumption of
new petroleum-based plastic by 50%. Boosting the circular economy is also a top priority for us and is
specifically supported. The circular economy involves repeatedly reusing materials without consuming
extra new resources. In all our sustainability efforts, we are working with partners throughout the value
chain to achieve significant change and drive the transformation forward. We are also involved in various
cross-industry bodies, for example to further improve plastics sorting and define a plastic standard for
the use of recycled plastic.

A specific example in the packaging context is the "Design4Circularity” initiative in partnership with
Clariant, Siegwerk, and Borealis. This aims to bring together different specialist knowledge so as to
jointly develop consumer packaging based on 100% post-consumer recyclate (PCR) for cosmetics
applications and to create a new industrial standard for genuine recycled packaging. The initiative
recently presented its first result: a colorless polyolefin bottle with 100% PCR content, full body-
sleeved in a printed deinkable shrink sleeve. All the materials for the NIVEA prototype are technically
fully recyclable and can be recovered and used for the same high-value application.

To tap into further new potential for sustainable innovations and the circular economy, Beiersdorf
also invested in two venture capital funds for the first time in the reporting year. The partnerships with
Emerald Technology Ventures and Revent give us access to many promising founders and innovative
start-ups that are creating environmentally friendly technologies and sustainable business models.
Emerald Technology Ventures, for example, pre-evaluates start-ups, whom we can then cooperate
with and invest in directly. All the start-ups belonging to this fund bring a wealth of global experience
that complements our own expertise. We see great potential in both investments to boost our open
innovation activities in relation to packaging and the sustainable transformation. This will make an
important contribution to achieving our ambitious sustainability goals.

Product highlights?

The development of skin care innovations is our core competency and an important building block for
our long-term business success. Our well-stocked innovation pipeline is based on our strong culture
of innovation, which has always been a part of research and development at Beiersdorf. By continuously
introducing innovative skin care products, we also aim to respond to the needs and wishes of our
consumers as closely as possible and offer them added value. We do not limit our search for innovations
to cosmetic formulas - a significant part of our work also involves developing innovative, sustainable
product packaging and taking into account the increasing digitalization in the industry.

The following overview shows a selection of our innovations during the reporting year:

¢ The new NIVEA CELLULAR Expert Lift range is based on a highly effective combination of pure
bakuchiol, which in vitro tests show, works like a collagen booster, and two different types of
hyaluronic acid. The products define contours, firm the skin, and soften even deep wrinkles - for
a toned appearance. The new range comprises NIVEA CELLULAR Expert Lift Anti-Age Day
Cream SPF 30, NIVEA CELLULAR Expert Lift Anti-Age Night Cream, and the NIVEA CELLULAR
Expert Lift Sculpting Facial Sheet Mask.

e We also strengthened the NIVEA Essentials Face Care range in the reporting year with 19 revised
products. The day products - which come with a choice of sun protection factor 15 or 30 - and

2 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

66
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

night products all come with the NIVEA Moisture Care Complex, which is in many countries trade-
marked. They deliver long-lasting moisture, and the formulas are vegan, meaning they contain no
animal-derived ingredients. Special attention was paid to environmental compatibility: In line with
our sustainability agenda, the formulas are free from microplastics and use exclusively biodegradable
polymers. In addition, the tubes are 89% and the jars and boxes 100% recyclable.

¢ The new NIVEA Derma Skin Clear face cleansing range cleanses and improves the condition of
blemished skin. The vegan-friendly, mild formulas contain no-animal derived ingredients, use a
highly effective combination of salicylic acid and niacinamide in the daytime product and salicylic
acid, niacinamide, and glycolic acid in the overnight product. This acid complex with exfoliating
properties supports the skin's natural renewal process to significantly reduce and prevent the
reappearance of skin blemishes. The effective new range comprises the NIVEA Derma Skin Clear
Wash Gel, NIVEA Derma Skin Clear Toner, NIVEA Derma Skin Clear Anti-Blemish Scrub, and
NIVEA Derma Skin Clear Chemical Exfoliator.

e With the new NIVEA SUN LUMINOUS630® Dark Spot Control Fluid SPF 50, we added
another UV Face product variant to our sun care range in 2022. The formula with the ingredient
LUMINOUS630® is particularly effective against sun-induced dark spots and offers immediate
protection against short- and long-term skin damage from UVA/UVB rays and from sun-induced
premature skin aging. The sun cream’s light, non-greasy texture refreshes the skin and leaves a
smooth skin feeling.

¢ We also improved the sustainability of our bestselling NIVEA Soft in the reporting year. The product
is now based on an enhanced, more sustainable formula. Enriched with vitamin E and 100% natural
jojoba oil, it provides even better skin hydration. The new product contains 95% natural ingre-
dients. The formula is vegan (contains no-animal derived ingredients) and 98% biodegradable
(according to OECD or equivalent methods). The carbon footprint of NIVEA Soft has been reduced
by up to 40% in terms of ingredients compared to the previous formula. The moisturizing cream
is suitable for all skin types as a face cream, foundation, and all-body product. It gives the skin a
healthy, radiant appearance.

e The relaunch of the new NIVEA shower gel range in 2022 was another important step on the
way to more climate-friendly products: The new formulas with vitamins and oils protect the skin,
are free from microplastics, and 99% biodegradable (according to OECD or equivalent methods).
The bottles (excluding cap and label) are made from at least 96% recycled plastic and are up to
26% lighter than before, cutting packaging-related CO, emissions by 32%. The products are now
100% climate-neutralized and make a positive contribution to our Climate Care mission as part
of our CARE BEYOND SKIN sustainability agenda. More information can be found at
www.nivea.com/sustainability.

e With the new NIVEA Deo Sticks, we established another sustainable innovation in the market
during the reporting year. With the help of a new, patented technology, we have been able to use
emulsion technology for a solid anti transpirant stick. This enables us to market silicone-free deo-
dorant sticks with an overall smaller carbon footprint. In addition to the new formula, the new sticks
come ina more lightweight, modern packaging that uses 23%/ml less material.

e In June 2022, we launched the NIVEA MEN “Climate Care Moisturizer”, an innovative, climate
neutralized? product that makes us the first skin-care manufacturer to obtain and use an ingredient
from recycled carbon dioxide: cosmetic ethanol. As a key ingredient, ethanol contributes to a
refreshing skin feeling. In addition, the formula is skin-soothing and moisturizes the skin.

¢ Following the successful launch of the Eucerin DERMOPURE Triple Effect Serum on the
market for post-acne marks in 2021, we relaunched further products with our patented

3 www.nivea.co.uk/about-us/climate-neutrality

6/7
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

anti-pigment ingredient Thiamidol: Our product range Eucerin Hyaluron-Filler + Elasticity
and Eucerin Anti-Pigment Skin Perfecting Serum. Our relaunched range Eucerin Hyaluron-
Filler + Elasticity softens deep wrinkles and age spots and improves the skin's elasticity and
radiance. The innovative blend of both high and low molecular hyaluronic acid visibly plumps
deep wrinkles from within, while the powerful combination of arctiin and creatine (collagen-
elastin complex) stimulates collagen production and increases skin elasticity. The inclusion

of Thiamidol visibly softens age spots after just two weeks. The Eucerin Anti-Pigment Skin
Perfecting Serum moisturizes the skin with a combination of hyaluronic acid and glycerin. The
patented ingredient Thiamidol visibly reduces dark spots and helps prevent their recurrence -
for an even, radiant complexion.

e We launched a total of three sun care innovations with a tint effect in 2022 to add to the Eucerin
Sun range. The Eucerin Oil Control Tinted Face Sun Gel-Creme SPF 50+ protects oily and
acne-prone skin from sun-related damage and offers 12-hour oil and shine control plus color
pigments for an even skin tone. Enriched with hyaluronic acid, the formula of the new Eucerin
Photoaging Control Tinted Face Sun Gel-Creme SPF 50+ helps to reduce the first signs of skin
aging caused by HEVIS, while the color pigments promote a unified complexion. With the new
Eucerin Pigment Control Tinted Face Sun Gel-Creme SPF 50+, we also launched a high-quality
facial sunscreen for all skin types during the reporting year. The formula helps to effectively
reduce sun-related hyperpigmentation and, with regular use, prevent its recurrence. With this
product, too, the color pigments promote an even skin tone. All three products combine UVA/
UVB filters for very high UV protection as well as licochalcone A to neutralize the free radicals
caused by UV and high-energy visible light.

e¢ With GREEN & PROTECT, we introduced the first climate-neutralized* plaster to the product range
under the brands Hansaplast, Elastoplast and CURITAS. All key aspects of the GREEN & PROTECT
plasters in terms of sustainability were optimized, combining it with their well-known product
performance and reliable wound protection. The wound pad and backing are made from naturally
derived fibers and, just as the release liner, from wood types taken from FSC®-certified forests only.
Additionally, the plaster packaging is unbleached, 93% recycled and has the lowest weight possible
for the material used.

e Under our luxury brand La Prairie, we launched the new White Caviar Essence Extraordinaire
in 2022, a transformative gel-to-water essence. The silky, opalescent lotion glides on to begin
its exceptional work. It instantly hydrates for a smoother, more reflective surface and provides a
refreshing sensation. Enriched with encapsulated Lumidose™, the extraordinary illuminating
molecule, it targets age spots and dullness making the skin feel more hydrated and plumped.

e Another new launch was the La Prairie Pure Gold Radiance Nocturnal Balm with the exclusive
Pure Gold Diffusion System™, a rich balm that supports the skin's nighttime regeneration
process and provides the skin with energy to restore its luminosity. The Pure Gold Diffusion
System™ delivers a three-peak action sequence to the skin. First comes the immediate depo-
sition of gold on the skin's surface to offer instant radiance. An intense infusion of replenishing
ingredients follows. Finally, a steady release of the replenishing ingredients linked to the gold
particles deposited on the skin's surface completes the sequence. Overnight, the skin is optimally
cared for and pampered.

¢ The third innovation from La Prairie is the launch of the Skin Caviar Harmony L'Extrait. The pack-
aging of Skin Caviar Harmony L'Extrait follows the codes of the Bauhaus movement. A cobalt blue
glass vial encapsulates the formula deep within. Upon application, micro-fluidic beads delicately
melt into a surrounding gel, transforming into a light extrait. Facial contours appear resculpted and

skin appears lifted in the long-term with continued use.

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

¢ The Sheer Glow Rose Face Tint from Chantecaille® combines skin care with make-up. The
combination brings together the best of both worlds: a high-quality formula including plant-based
anti-aging ingredients and peptides, which supply the skin with moisture while the rose tint creates
a gentle shimmering glow. The product can also be mixed with a moisturizing cream or foundation
for a subtle rosy blush.

As a result of our regional development work, we also launched a series of local innovations on the
market in the reporting year:

e The new NIVEA Radiant & Beauty product range was specially developed for consumers with
melanin-rich skin and has been tested on this skin type. The products are the result of extensive
studies with around 9,000 participants in Sub-Saharan Africa and in Brazil. The formulas contain
five vitamins and various oils.

e Reflecting the trend for premium products on the Chinese market, May 2022 saw the release of
the NIVEA Pro Sensitive Amino Acid face cleansing gel, the first premium face care range. The
product is available in either a pump dispenser or tube and comes with an appealing packaging
and mild formula.

e Also developed for the Chinese market was the new Doukou body care range, which went on sale
in July of the reporting year. Its packaging, product colors, and digital add-ons cater to the young
Asian target group. The products reached the number two spot in the Tmall sales charts within four
weeks of going on sale.

e Eucerin launched its first Asia-exclusive product in the reporting year with the Eucerin Even
Radiance range. The range is tailored to the strong regional demand for skin-brightening products
and the resulting care needs. Alongside moisturizing creams, it includes an eye cream, a sheet
mask, and ampules.

e The Eucerin Sun products introduced on the US market were another product highlight of the
reporting year. A total of seven sun products arrived on the market in the first quarter. They
included two dermocosmetic sun protection products for the face - for oily and acne-prone skin or
for anti-aging - and five whole-body products - with options for dry or sensitive skin. Five anti-
oxidants, the special 5 AOX Shield complex, and other special ingredients defend against free
radicals and make the skin feel healthy.

e With the Aquaphor Healing Balm Sticks, we launched another (OTC) innovation on the US market
in the reporting year: The products come in a choice of baby or adult version and provide effective
skin protection for healing and immediate relief from irritation in a practical, easy-to-apply stick.
We developed the balm formula with our strategic partner Weckerle. The new Weckerle production
center in California was audited and put into operation as part of the project and is now available
for new ODM projects with a US focus.

tesa

Product and technology development?

Tapes replace screws and welding
As in previous reporting years, tesa further expanded the technologies for structural bonding in 2022.
This could replace even high-strength joining methods such as screws, rivets, and welding.

tesa developed further new products that cure at low temperatures. These are particularly advanta-
geous for electronic devices. Major customers of tesa could be supplied with new prototypes whose
curing mechanisms are precisely tailored to the specific manufacturing processes. The technology is

5 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

69
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

particularly well proven for joining components to make mobile phone cases, where it provides ideal
protection for the sensitive electronic components and reduces the surface area needed for adhesion.

Sustainable product and technology concepts
Technology development has been consistently aligned with the sustainability strategy (see tesa sus-
tainability report’), resulting in a multitude of new products with excellent sustainability.

For the distribution business, tesa has developed prototypes of new bio-based adhesive tapes for
packaging. This technology was recently even transferred to superior masking tapes that have both a
bio-based carrier and adhesive. For the mobile devices segment, which is technically challenging for
adhesives, product solutions whose individual components are made entirely from post-consumer
recycled polyester were developed. These also contain largely bio-based carbon. The tapes perform
to the same high level as our petroleum-based products. Further projects have been launched to
replace petroleum-based components in adhesive tapes. At the tesa Hamburg site, a manufacturing
process for adhesive mass polymers using bio-based materials was implemented. These will make a
major contribution on the way to climate-neutral production.

To enable tesa customers to manufacture recyclable products, new technology concepts for separating
adhesives were developed so that the individual components can be reused when required. First
customers were provided with prototypes of the various technologies in the electronics business, and
some designs have already been used in product development projects. The technology portfolio is
also set to be expanded to cover new applications. The first feasibility studies have been initiated to
test further technologies for separating an adhesive bond, and patent applications have already been
submitted. The first prototypes have also been developed for the automotive sector. These were well
received by global innovation leaders and met the high demands of automotive vehicles for temperature
resistance, bonding strength, and longevity.

Further development of solvent-free technologies

tesa continued to develop solvent-free coating technologies in 2022 and consistently aligned their
development goals with the sustainability strategy. The ability to use our technology for extru-
sion of adhesive masses was extended to thinner coatings, which were previously the preserve of
solvent coating technology. In future, this will enable us to serve new markets and applications with
solvent-free products. By replicating the processes in data-based models, quantitative proof of the
positive impact on the energy balance could be obtained. These models will also make it possible
to simulate future products.

The technology of water-based adhesive masses to replace solvent systems has also been further
enhanced and transferred to new areas of use. These include complex masking applications, new
prototypes for cable bandaging, and, in particular, the isolation of battery cells. tesa reduced the
carbon footprint of an adhesive mass by 80% by working with external partners to use new bio-
based materials.

Technologies for displays and glazing

During the reporting period, tesa supplied major customers with numerous new prototypes for
foldable and rollable displays for future generations of mobile phones. These highly flexible display
tapes have a precisely configured mechanical behavior to withstand the complex movements and
stresses in the devices.

tesa has also developed new prototypes that have performed well in tests by global automotive
manufacturers. Integrating multiple functions such as light and heat management also meets the
demands on the latest generation of displays, which need to work reliably despite rapid and dra-
matic changes in the vehicle’s environment.

6 www.tesa.com/en/about-tesa/sustainability/sustainability-report

70
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Digitalization

Global innovation leaders in the automotive and electronics industries are increasingly digitalizing
their development processes. This also requires the provision of digital data for the adhesive solutions
used. tesa therefore drove further digitalization of product and technology development during

the reporting period. For example, digital twins for many products were created. These enable tesa
customers themselves to directly simulate the mechanical behavior of the adhesive in their specific
application under different temperature conditions and stresses. This cuts development time and
minimizes material consumption, while also allowing the products’ performance to be improved.

To streamline, accelerate, and refine internal tasks for developing formulations and processes, digi-
talization was also used, to meet customer-specific requirements even better. This involves the use of
artificial intelligence and simulation.

Developments for the energy transition

A new focus of our product and technology development is on solutions for the energy transition.
This relates to fuel cells, energy savings, and e-mobility, for example. For the manufacture of modern
fuel cells, functional films were developed that enable the fuel cells to be assembled particularly
quickly and efficiently. This development was also transferred to pilot-scale production, enabling us
to supply customers with prototypes. A first prototype of a multilayer film was recently successfully
tested for retrofitting windowpanes. The films allow the amount of light and heat that a window lets
through to be controlled at the push of a button, thereby reducing room heating in summer and
cutting the energy consumption of air conditioning systems.

For e-mobility, tesa developed new technologies and prototypes that allow particularly efficient and
secure bonding and protection of battery components. For the different requirements of global inno-
vation leaders in the automotive sector. Examples included reversible adhesion for lids on battery
housings and high-strength bonding of the battery cells themselves.

Further information on product and technology development at tesa can be found at
www.tesa.com/en/about-tesa/product-and-technology-development.

71
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

People at Beiersdorf'

Beiersdorf's business success is largely based on our employees’ dedication and professional expertise.
It is thanks to them that our brands and products are appreciated and purchased all over the world.
At the same time, we offer our employees an attractive working environment and the opportunity to
develop both personally and professionally, to showcase their individual talents, and to systematically
acquire skills for the future.

As of December 31, 2022, Beiersdorf had a total of 21,401 employees worldwide, an increase of 4.1%
compared with the previous year (20,567). Of this total 6,676 (previous year: 6,593) were employed in
Germany, corresponding to a share of 31% (previous year: 32%). A total of 16,419 people worked in
the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 15,740) and 4,982 at tesa (previous year: 4,827).

Group Employees Group Employees by Region
as of Dec. 31, 2022 (in %)

20,059 20,654 20,306 20,567 21,401 25.9
Africa / Asia /

Australia

17.6

Americas 56.5
Europe

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

Consumer

Working in the new reality - Human Resources in 2022

The demands that HR departments have to meet are becoming increasingly complex. They need to
juggle a variety of topics at the same time while simultaneously helping shape the digital transfor-
mation. The increasing demand for skilled workers and the war for talent pose further challenges,
and the hybrid, modern working environment requires a high degree of flexibility and openness

to new ideas. In recent years, our HR department has adapted to the changing conditions, particu-
larly in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic, and we are convinced that a culture of mutual trust,
openness to agile forms of collaboration, and a willingness to embrace continuous development
and digitalization lay a solid foundation that enables us to keep pace with change and provide
employees with the best possible support during the process of change. Investing in the future of
HR work, as we are systematically doing within the scope of our C.A.R.E.+ strategy, helps us align
our HR work with the requirements of the future and further improve our workplace culture. We
believe the top priorities here are topics such as the learning organization, new work, digitalization,
and strategies to promote diversity and inclusion (D&I).

Corporate culture
Our employees value Beiersdorf’s unique corporate culture, which is based on openness, trust, and

an appreciation for cultural diversity and internationalism. We also foster a working environment that

1 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

72
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

values teamwork and mutual respect. We believe it is important to strengthen the emotional bond
between people and the company and to support employees at all levels in ensuring that they are
always able to cope with the increasingly complex working environment. Our global employee survey
“teampulse” has once again revealed the high level of identification with our purpose Care Beyond
Skin, and the belief in our four core values: Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust. At the same time,

we initiated a change in our corporate culture in the reporting year with the “Behavior Activation
Journey,” in order to integrate behaviors into our day-to-day work that play an important role in our
success. For more information, please refer to the “Leadership” section.

| Att

ractive employer and engagement

Employee engagement is one of our top priorities, and in this age of working from home and hybrid
work, this is truer than ever. It is important for us to get a real feel for the atmosphere at Beiersdorf
and to find out how engaged our employees truly are. This is why we regularly conduct global
employee surveys. The aim of these surveys is to promote ongoing dialogue between managers and
their teams, address improvement measures, and give employees the opportunity to actively help
shape their future working environment.

In the fourth quarter of the reporting year, we once again conducted our well-known “teampulse”
engagement survey worldwide. It gives us a quick and straightforward way of directly “taking the
pulse” and focusing our attention on issues that are important to our employees around the world.

To ensure that the results can be compared with those of the previous year, the survey is based on
the same core questions. This year, we added some new questions to take global trends as well as
feedback from last year into account. They covered the topics of leadership, strategy and transfor-
mation, and culture and purpose, but also “softer” aspects such as diversity and inclusion (D&I),
employees’ inner drive, and resilience and wellbeing. As in the previous year, a total of 89% of
employees responded to our “teampulse” survey. This once again demonstrates our employees’
strong desire to share feedback. Confirming the results of previous years, the Beiersdorf culture,
meaningful work, and the belief in our four Core Values (Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust) again
met with a high level of approval at the respective affiliates in this reporting year. In addition, the
results indicate that our global D&I activities are perceived as credible, for example through the
majority of participants indicating that the company’s management visibly demonstrates its com-
mitment to diversity. In addition to the answers in the standardized questionnaire, the management
team also received more than 22,200 comments with detailed feedback. This feedback serves as a
basis for the respective teams worldwide to enter into dialogue and jointly shape the future working
environment at Beiersdorf. The feedback from the survey is discussed year after year in order to sub-
sequently develop and implement ideas and measures at the team level. In addition, survey results
that reveal a consistent need for improvements internationally will serve as a basis for initiating
changes and measures at the global level as well.

Participation in decision-making and company success

Participation in decision-making and company success as well as transparency and engaging ina
dialogue as equals are key factors essential to successfully creating a positive corporate culture at
Beiersdorf and are intended to increase our attractiveness as an employer. In addition, the increasing
share of employees in hybrid working arrangements at Beiersdorf is further accelerating the use of
digital solutions in internal communication. Digital and hybrid town hall meetings and works assem-
blies, as well as numerous online events with opportunities for dialogue, were once again among

the traditional measures used to get all employees around the world engaged and involved in the
reporting year. The aim is to strengthen the bond between management and staff and above all the
bond between the employees themselves, and to promote a sense of team spirit. |

73
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The close involvement of employee representatives is also part of our corporate culture. Working with
them in a constructive atmosphere of trust enables us to make and implement important and some-
times difficult decisions together. This was true once again in fiscal year 2022. The European Dialogue,
which brings together Beiersdorf's employee representatives from across Europe, continued its work
in 2022.

Another aspect of participation relates to the issue of flexible working locations, which, since
December 1, 2020, has been governed by a collective agreement for Beiersdorf AG, Beiersdorf
Customer Supply GmbH, and Beiersdorf Shared Services GmbH. More on this topic, which is also
relevant to the management of employees, can be found in the following “Leadership” section.

Employee participation in the Campus project (the new building for the Group headquarters in
Hamburg) also continued in 2022. Virtual tours and on-site visits enabled staff to see the progress
for themselves in small groups. The regularly held Campus Kickstarter Sessions helped interested
employees learn about tools to establish a (hybrid) team culture or improve their collaboration and
share ideas about the Campus project.

Participation is also the aim of numerous diversity and inclusion activities, which are described at
the end of this section. These include the Beiersdorf gender parity ambition and our D&I strategy
for more diversity in management positions.

| Leadership

An open and modern leadership culture forms the basis for an attractive and appreciative working
environment in which all employees can give their best. In order to establish it, we formulated our
understanding of a good leadership culture in “Leadership the Beiersdorf Way” back in 2017. This
leadership culture is based on our Core Values of Care, Simplicity, Courage, and Trust. It aims to
develop leaders who are authentic and inspiring and empower their team to outstanding achieve-
ments. The idea behind this is that by giving employees more decision-making power, their sense
of engagement and accountability will increase. This will lead to better team performances and
higher intrinsic motivation. During the reporting year, we already began to work on further refining
our understanding of leadership. In 2023, we want to introduce our new “Leadership Commitment”
as a pilot project in this context. In preparation for this, we already conducted numerous interviews
with managers during the past year. The global rollout of the "Leadership Commitment” is planned
for 2024.

To support change processes at Beiersdorf, we want to integrate behaviors into our day-to-day
workplace culture that are important to our success. That is why, in October of the reporting year,
we launched a “Behavior Activation Journey” - a program designed to help all employees world-
wide change their behavior. Through the “Speak Up” lever, we want to foster a culture in which
employees feel comfortable having their own opinions, expressing them openly, and questioning
things. In this way, we aim to leverage the potential of different perspectives among our work-
force. Since the beginning of November, activities have focused on activating the “Speak Up” lever.
Starting in the first quarter of 2023, we will also focus on a second important lever: “Prioritization.”
To instill these behaviors in all employees worldwide, managers worldwide were offered interactive
training sessions. It is the responsibility of managers to bring about a fundamental cultural change,
to exemplify the right behaviors, and to serve as role models. A comprehensive activation toolkit
and customized e-learning sessions for employees are supposed to help bringing the Behavior
Activation Journey to life.

Beiersdorf has been relying on what is known as the “Development & Potential Process” since 2021

in order to identify and promote new management talent. In line with the slogan “Develop your
way,” it focuses on each employee's individual development and consists of three stages: focused

74
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

self-reflection, a round of talks between managers (known as development reviews), and an individual
development meeting, in which the employee discusses their individually tailored development plan
with their manager. This approach is intended to identify talented individuals with leadership potential
at an early stage, giving them the opportunity to quickly gain relevant experience and develop their
personal skills. To identify an employee's potential, we employ the “learning agility model,” which
consists of four dimensions: mental agility, people agility, change agility, and results agility. On this
basis, we aim to identify potential leaders who have the ability to adapt to new circumstances, learn
quickly, including from experience, and continue their personal growth. As such, potential should not
be equated with performance, but rather the ability to deal with future challenges in the best possible
way. In the past fiscal year, we worked on improving the quality of the process. By providing training
to managers, we want to enhance their ability to correctly assess individual potential and implement
appropriate development measures.

Our explicit goal is to fill the majority of management positions with talented people from within our
own ranks. We prepare future managers for this new role through various measures and programs. In
fiscal year 2022, 100% of positions at the first management level (previous year: 100%) and 89% at the
second management level (previous year: 88%) were awarded to internal candidates.

To support change processes, we also established three new management programs at the beginning

of the fiscal year. They all address the topic of leading/dealing with change and aim to prepare and

train our leaders for changes. These include the Lead with Care & Courage program, which was geared
toward level 1 and 2 managers, the Lead in Change program, which is aimed at all other managers,

and the Base Camp training program, which is aimed at all employees who are taking on a manage-
ment position for the first time. More than 300 managers worldwide took part in these three training
programs. They complement our existing advanced training programs, which also include special
management training courses that we make available via our COMPASS Learning online learning plat-
form. Topics covered on this platform include leading virtual teams and resilience. |

New working world and the normalcy of hybrid working arrangements

The coronavirus pandemic has accelerated the digital transformation of the workplace. It has also
impacted the way we collaborate.

Hybrid working arrangements, i.e. alternating between working remotely and at the office, have
become common practice in many areas at Beiersdorf. Beiersdorf has taken a clear position in this
regard: we as a company also want to promote hybrid or flexible working arrangements in the future.
At the same time, we want to adapt the office environment to today’s world and create places where
people can meet and work together in ever-changing formats. The basis for this is a collective agree-
ment that we entered into back in 2020 for Beiersdorf AG, Beiersdorf Customer Supply GmbH, and
Beiersdorf Shared Services. It grants employees the right to work from a flexible location for up to
40% of their individual planned working hours (since January 2023), provided that their job is suited to
remote working. With a regular 60% of working time spent on campus, a conscious effort is made to

ensure that the campus is the center of collaboration and togetherness for our employees. |

In addition, we are continuously developing tailor-made solutions for modern teamwork at our more
than 170 locations worldwide. The most significant example of this is the construction of our future
Beiersdorf Campus in Hamburg, which is scheduled to open in summer 2023 after a delay caused by
the coronavirus pandemic. We also pooled our resources in the reporting year to create spaces for
piloting new, dynamic working environments at our site on Wiesinger Weg in Hamburg. The com-
pletely renovated spaces boast a modern look and features a desk-sharing model, state-of-the art,
hybrid technology, and various room modules that allow for a mix of collaboration and focused work.
Similarly, we also opened a new research building in December of the reporting year. Covering a total

75
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

area of more than 10,000 square meters, it is designed to promote cross-functional exchange and
facilitate modern, new forms of collaboration. In addition, we created modern, new working environ-
ments at our sites in Paris, Brussels, Montreal, New Jersey, Jakarta, and Mumbai in the reporting year
that facilitate a new form of collaboration and provide employees with the right setting for a pleasant,
modern working atmosphere. We have started preparing for the implementation of new working
environments at our sites in Amsterdam and Sofia, and further locations are in the pipeline.

Digital transformation

To accelerate the transformation process at our company, we continued to push ahead with our
future-focused “Digital Fast Forward” program during the reporting year. With this program,
Beiersdorf aims to automate 20% of all business processes worldwide by 2025. In addition, this
is intended to make us more responsive to the changes in consumer behavior brought about by
digital media.

As in previous years, our HR activities also supported the digital transformation at various levels in
the past fiscal year. Due to the growing flexibility of workplace choice worldwide, the share of hybrid
working arrangements is noticeably increasing. Thanks to the support of targeted training measures,
more than half of Beiersdorf's workforce now regularly works from outside the office. This is also
clearly reflected in the changed communication processes within the company. Microsoft Teams
played a central role in this regard in the past fiscal year. For example, Beiersdorf employees now
send and receive more than 2.5 million chat messages a month, ensuring that communication
between them remains smooth. Yammer has also recently become a well-established business
network at Beiersdorf. More than 75% of the workforce actively uses the service on a regular basis
to communicate with others or find information. This development shows the extent to which digital
communication between employees worldwide has already become commonplace and a part of

\"

the “new norma

In addition, Beiersdorf expanded further its digital transformation using the COMPASS human
resources management system during the reporting year. Based on the standardized global master
data module Employee Central that was introduced back in 2021, another module was added to the
COMPASS system in the form of SimPay. This global salary management tool gives managers the
ability to securely conduct global salary planning.

Many of our activities to promote young talent were also implemented digitally in the reporting year.
These included, for example, the Virtual Open House Day, which has already been held several times
and where Beiersdorf, Tchibo, and tesa jointly introduce themselves to young talent and offer insights
into their companies and the various entry-level programs. In addition, we presented key topics that
our company is currently focusing on to numerous students and young professionals in a total of five
webinars, including sustainability, innovation, digitalization, and diversity & inclusion, as well as a session
with our CEO Vincent Warnery, in which he introduced himself and his career path and answered
around 200 questions bundled from the students.

Support for our employees

“Care” is a key component of Beiersdorf’s corporate culture. Consequently, we implement various
measures year after year to care for our employees in different ways. These include, for example,
providing technical equipment as well as training courses to prepare the workforce optimally for the
new world of work. We also kept our employees informed and up to date via our “Coronavirus Info
Hub” and offered them free COVID-19 and flu vaccinations at the Hamburg site via our company
medical team. 1,784 employees took advantage of the flu vaccine offer during the past fiscal year,
and 2,620 employees the Corona vaccine offer.

Through our health management system, we also do our part to help employees stay healthy and pro-
ductive, to promote their health in a systematic way, and to actively help them get better in the event

76
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

of illness. This system comprises the three teams Medical, Wellbeing, and Social, which are consol-
idated under the common umbrella GOOD FOR ME. The services offered range from ergonomics
consultations, psychological counseling sessions, exercise programs and presentations about
health, to regular medical checkups and skin cancer screenings. Through our new “Leadership
Meets Health” leadership training program, we provided important support in the area of “healthy
leadership” in the reporting year. Through special mental health offerings, the GOOD FOR ME
team has brought the topic of mental health to the forefront, thereby playing a key role in raising
awareness of mental health and strengthening the culture of health within the company, particularly
against the backdrop of hybrid work.

Training and further education

Our mission also includes creating employment prospects for young people. This is demonstrated by
our range of vocational training opportunities and degree-integrated training programs as well as our
global trainee program BEYOND BORDERS and the numerous internships we offer to students from all
over the world. Beiersdorf offers vocational training in nine different occupations at its Hamburg site
alone. At the end of 2022, we had 99 vocational trainees here (previous year: 104), and the retention
rate for those who completed their training this year stood at 100% (previous year: 97%). We recruited
a total of 34 vocational trainees (previous year: 32) in the reporting year, four of whom started their
training under the new degree-integrated vocational training model. Here, the trainees complete a
three-year vocational course as an industrial business administrator along with a four-year bachelor’s
degree in business administration with a focus on industry. A total of 16 young employees were

enrolled in the global BEYOND BORDERS trainee program at the end of the reporting year (previous
year: 16). Of this total, 11 trainees started in 2022 (previous year: 10).

Knowledge and learning

We are convinced that the skills and expertise of our employees play a crucial role in our sustainable
growth and long-term success. For this reason, we continuously invest in training our workforce
and pursue the idea of a learning organization through our global learning strategy, which encour-
ages self-directed, lifelong learning by all. In this context, our concept is built on a three-pronged
approach:

e Building and maintaining a global learning infrastructure, i.e. a flexible learning management
system in which we can create our own learning content

e Promoting targeted learning, including guidance and providing group-specific learning content

e Enshrining learning in our day-to-day work

During the reporting year, we added new learning content to our COMPASS Learning online learning
platform that we introduced in 2019, such as an e-learning program on the topic of sustainability,
and also updated and expanded existing content. The majority of these offerings, which are tailored
specifically to Beiersdorf, are developed by our Sales, Finance, Procurement, R&D, HR, Quality, and
Planning professional academies. Due to the still noticeable impact of the coronavirus pandemic, we
also made use of a virtual classroom in the reporting year. This online tool enabled us to implement
numerous interactive workshops and training courses for all employees worldwide. In light of the
new way we collaborate - the model of flexible working arrangements - we want to continue to offer
more and more virtual training in the future.

In addition to our own offerings, we again offered our employees the ability to use LinkedIn Learning's
virtual training content, where employees worldwide can choose from more than 15,000 online
training courses and over 500,000 videos in different languages. Since Beiersdorf implemented
LinkedIn Learning in 2020, employees have shown great interest in this training option, with almost
540,000 training videos watched in full and more than 19,000 courses completed by a total of more
than 4,500 active users. Courses on new ways of working, the digital transformation, time management,

7/
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

communication, Excel and PowerPoint, and strategic thinking are especially popular. Curated learning
paths help our employees find the right training content on selected topics. For example, they link
to training courses that focus on working in virtual and hybrid teams, digitalization, diversity and
inclusion, and resilience. Our online-based Beiersdorf Learning Hub also brings these offerings
together in a single location, making them easily accessible. The Learner Experience platform pilot
project was tested in the reporting year. This is a global learning ecosystem that includes a learning
infrastructure and tools to create instructional content for learners.

Since August 2022, we have also offered a new, external language learning program with stand-
ardized language and course offerings for employees through our partner KERN Training. The main
reasons for choosing KERN Training as a full-service provider were the flexibility, the simple cost
structure, and the fact that KERN Training offers a self-directed learning platform that can be used by
employees free of charge.

Our Learning Program Germany, which has been in place for many years, is a flexible and open
training offering for all employees in Germany. It includes both pre-curated content from LinkedIn
Learning, which we use to promote self-directed learning, and instructor-led, virtual training. To
support employees and teams in their transition from working completely from home to a hybrid
working model, we offer an e-learning path on the topic of hybrid working. |
I Diversity & Inclusion
As a company that operates worldwide, we view the diversity of our workforce as both an opportunity
and a key factor in our business success. We are convinced that people with different backgrounds
bring different perspectives, experiences, and skills to the table and thus contribute to greater crea-
tivity, innovative strength, and customer focus. For this reason, we strive to build an organization that
reflects the diversity of our global consumers, achieves gender parity at all management levels, and
ensures that we foster a culture of inclusion where everyone can unlock their full potential and every-
one enjoys equal opportunities. We raise awareness of this important issue among our employees at
all levels through various dialogue formats, presentations, and training sessions. We want to highlight
the positive contribution that diversity and equal opportunities can make to Beiersdorf and thus pro-
mote an understanding and appreciation of diversity within our company.

In order to enhance diversity and inclusion across Beiersdorf as a whole, in 2020 we created the
position of Global Director Diversity & Inclusion (D&I), that reports directly to the Executive Board.
Together with a small team, this individual leads and coordinates Group-wide D&l initiatives. A core
cross-functional D&l team, consisting of members of senior management, and a global network

of more than 100 D&l champions at our international subsidiaries are also driving progress in this
area. In addition, the Diversity Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly reviews and supports
various initiatives.

Through our diversity and inclusion agenda formulated in 2021, our global “D&I Roadmap,” we aim to
implement a holistic approach to address all aspects of diversity, reduce bias (including unconscious
bias), and promote a diverse and inclusive corporate culture. On the basis of this roadmap, we continued
to focus on the following three strategic priorities in fiscal 2022:

e Driving leadership diversity
e Fostering an inclusive culture

¢ Championing consumer representation

In each of these areas, we set important priorities in the reporting year and implemented a wide range
of measures to foster an inclusive working environment. Examples of these activities are presented

78
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

in more detail in the following sections. At the same time, we have been working on refining this
roadmap in recent months, and the new version was launched in December of the reporting year.
With this global “D&I Roadmap 2.0,” we want to increase our attractiveness as an employer globally.
To achieve this, we want to strengthen an inclusive culture of togetherness, expand diversity within
our management team and our workforce, and achieve full gender parity at all levels of our manage-
ment worldwide. Our aim is also to ensure that our diversity goes beyond the issue of gender. Our
partnerships to better represent consumers, for example as part of our NIVEA D&l External Expert
Panel, and the optimization of our global D&l operating model and governance are particularly
important to us.

The Beiersdorf Gender Parity Ambition that we formulated in 2021 is of particular significance. This
lays out our goal of achieving equal representation of women and men at management positions in
the Consumer Business Segment below Executive Board level by 2025 at the latest. Further details on
this ambitious initiative can be found in the “Focus dimension: Gender balance” section below.

In addition to our D&I strategy and our Beiersdorf Gender Parity Ambition, our D&I KP! dashboard,
which was developed in the previous year and rolled out globally in the reporting year, helps
increase data transparency. It makes changes transparent in the form of semiannual D&I KPI reports,
enabling regions and functions to analyze the progress they have made in their D&l work and the
remaining untapped potential on the basis of hard data. The aim is to help enshrine D&I ambitions
and strengthen D&l governance on the basis of this data and in close collaboration with global,
regional, and local stakeholders. The quarterly D&l Champion calls and D&l Council calls that we
have established also help to achieve this. In addition to these measures, the Executive Committee is
also evaluated on the basis of changes to the KPls.

In order to expand the knowledge of our workforce around the topic of diversity and inclusion, we
introduced a “Global D&l Knowledge Framework” in 2021. It encompasses various training programs
for our employees and managers and is designed to help build a sustainable foundation of D&I
knowledge within the organization and foster the desired inclusive culture. The offering includes, for
example, D&I inclusive language training, which was added to the training catalog in the reporting
year, along with other pilot programs. Its goal is to raise awareness among employees worldwide
regarding the need to use language in a sensitive, nuanced way in order to avoid subtle discrimination
and to respect and honor the perspectives and feelings of others. Through the training courses
“Successful on the Job,” which is aimed at female employees, and “Opportunities & Risks in Retire-
ment,” which is designed for employees over the age of 60, the company continued to offer specific
courses for these target audiences. Individual brands are also making efforts to be more proactive
when it comes to D&l. NIVEA’s “D&l Compass” complements our brand’s communication guidelines.
It defines how we want to be perceived worldwide and helps to appropriately address local commu-
nication challenges and avoid stereotypes and unconscious biases. After initial tips on how to use
gender-neutral and inclusive language were shared in German and English in 2021, guidelines for the
use of inclusive language were formulated across the company in the reporting year and are already
being applied. We also analyzed the recruiting process again in the reporting year in order to identify
existing biases and initiate necessary changes in the process. __|

Focus dimension: Cultural diversity and internationalism

An international workforce that embraces and accepts cultural diversity is a key measure of diversity
for us as a company, and we promote it accordingly - because it is important to us that our workforce
is representative of our diverse range of consumers around the world.

In the Consumer Business Segment, we employ people from different countries, cultures, and genera-

tions, of all gender identities, and with and without disabilities. Employees from 102 countries worked
at Beiersdorf as of the end of the reporting year (previous year: 107). At the Group headquarters in

79
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Hamburg, the proportion of international employees increased to 21.7% (previous year: 19.7%). Of our
global managers in the top three levels of management, 42% had lived and worked outside of their
home countries for at least three years (previous year: 41%).

| Focus dimension: Gender balance
Alongside international and cultural diversity, gender - especially equal career opportunities for all
genders - is a particular focus area for us. Our activities around International Women’s Day, which
we present in more detail later in this section, and our annual Wo*Men in Leadership Convention,
which is aimed at all employees worldwide and this time was held under the banner Forward:
#StrongerTogether, are further ways in which we promote gender balance at our company. In addi-
tion, we have entered into a close partnership with the LEAD Network, the largest European network
for diversity and inclusion in the FMCG and retail industry. Like Beiersdorf, the LEAD Network is
committed to promoting gender equality and creating a diverse workforce in which all people of all
genders can work to their full potential and where people with equal talents are given equal oppor-
tunities. The LEAD community within Beiersdorf’s workforce already boasts around 240 employees,
including CEO Vincent Warnery and our Executive Committee, as well as many managers and
employees of all genders. Beiersdorf has also partnered with the Shape Talent organization, which
also aims to improve gender equality and offers a range of results-driven solutions, including a pro-
gram to empower women in the workforce.

In addition, in order to create an inclusive workplace and promote the goal of gender parity, we
offer a wide range of flexible working arrangements and opportunities to facilitate a healthy work-
life balance at Beiersdorf. 75% of our organizations offer flex time (previous year: 69%), 95% remote
work or the ability to work from home (previous year: 98%), 48% part-time work (previous year:
54%), and 35% sabbaticals (previous year: 34%). In addition to individual part-time work, we con-
tinue to encourage job sharing. This is an arrangement in which two employees share a position in

a job tandem. The job sharing model has been standard practice at our company for several years

- including at the top management level since the reporting year (known as “top sharing") or, via the
already established joint leadership model, up to the middle management level. In addition, we
have also gained experience with the “senior meets junior” model, where job sharing enables part-
time study, knowledge transfer between generations, and/or a transition to partial retirement. The
aim is to make even greater use of the potential of this working arrangement and to make it clear
that it is not only a successful model for returning mothers, but is designed for all employees who
want to use their labor in a more flexible manner. We also see it as an important tool for strategic
HR work and development.

At the end of the reporting year, there were 42 job sharing tandems at Beiersdorf in Germany
(previous year: 34). 22 tandems involve a management role - either part-time or full-time (pre-
vious year: 19). In addition to these options, we offer childcare for our employees in Hamburg
through our company kindergarten "TroploKids”. With its 108 childcare spots and 28 teachers (as
of December 31, 2022), this is one of the largest such kindergartens in Germany. In addition, we
offer an online portal with information for all expectant parents, as well as two “parental leavers”
programs, which we run in collaboration with the start-up MyCollective. One is aimed specifically
at managers, while the other is open to all employees. Both programs are based on an online plat-
form that enables employees on parental leave to remain in contact with Beiersdorf throughout
this period if they wish, to expand their network, and to take advantage of further training oppor-
tunities. The focus here is on providing the right tools to support their return to work in the best
possible way. We also continued our partnership with the “conpadres” initiative (formerly VATER-
NETZWERK) in the reporting year. Within the framework of this project, we want to better identify
the need to take action on behalf of fathers and, at the same time, help interested fathers connect
with each other.

80
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Part-Time Employees by Region

(in %)

2021 2022
Europe 12 12
Americas 1 1
Africa /Asia /Australia 1 1
8 7

Gender Distribution by Region
Male (in %) Female (in %) Employees (total)
Germany 50 50 4,193
Europe (excl. Germany) 38 62 4,612
North America 37 63 811
Latin America 46 54 2,409
Africa /Asia /Australia 50 50 4,394

Worldwide 46 54 16,419

i

ince the introduction of the German law on the equal participation of women and men in leadership
positions (FUPoG) in 2015, Beiersdorf AG has been legally required to set targets for the proportion
of women in management positions at the two management levels below the Executive Board. At
the same time, companies are required to set deadlines for the achievement of these goals. For the
period ending June 30, 2022, the targets were 35% for the proportion of women at the first manage-
ment level below the Executive Board and 50% for the proportion of women at the second manage-
ment level. At the end of the last target achievement period, the actual figure for the first management
level was 32% (as of December 31, 2021: 31%), which means that Beiersdorf fell just short of its target,
partly due to the low number of total positions at this level. In contrast, the company met its target for
the second management level, with women holding 51% of all management positions at this level as
of June 30, 2022 (as of December 31, 2021: 52%). Beiersdorf AG had also aimed to have women com-
prise 10% of the Executive Board by June 30, 2022. Women made up 38% (as of December 31, 2022)
of the Board, meaning the company significantly exceeded this target. At the same time, Beiersdorf
AG has thus met the requirement under FUPOG II, which has been in force since August 2021, for the
Executive Board to include at least one woman and one man. The company also met the statutory
minimum requirement of 30% women and 30% men on the Supervisory Board in the reporting year,
with approximately 42% of the members (5 out of 12) being women (previous year: 33%). These

figures mean that Beiersdorf is in compliance with the voluntary targets that it set for the Executive
Board and the Supervisory Board in the context of its diversity policy (with a target of 30% women on
the Executive Board and 33% on the Supervisory Board).

To continue complying with the statutory requirements in the future, Beiersdorf AG has continu-
ously formulated targets for the proportion of women at the different management levels during
the reporting year. As part of this process, the management levels were redefined in line with the
current organizational structure. As a result, the following targets apply with respect to the propor-

tion of women on the Executive Board and in management positions at the two management levels
below the Executive Board:

e Executive Board: women hold at least 30% of seats on the Board (as of December 31, 2022: 38%)

e First management level: women hold at least 35% of the positions by December 31, 2026 (as of
December 31, 2022: 31%)

81
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

e Second management level: women hold at least 50% of the positions by December 31, 2026 (as of
December 31, 2022: 48%)

In addition, in order to increase the proportion of women in management positions at a global level,
Beiersdorf also formulated a global target in 2018 for the proportion of female managers in the three
highest management groups (MG 1 - 3). According to this, we wanted to have women hold 35% of all
positions in management groups 1 - 3 by June 30, 2022. As of the aforementioned deadline, we had
achieved this goal, with women holding 37% of all management positions across these groups (previ-
ous year: 34%). At the end of the reporting year, the proportion of women on the Board of Directors
of La Prairie (excluding the CEO) stood at 50% (previous year: 43%). The proportion of women in top
management stood at 64% at the end of the reporting year (previous year: 59%).

In line with our Gender Parity Ambition formulated in 2021, we aim to achieve gender parity across all
management positions below the Executive Board (management groups 1 - 4) by 2025 at the latest.
As of December 31, 2022, the proportion of women in management positions across all of these
groups stood at 48%.

Generational diversity and inclusion of people with disabilities

Alongside internationalism, cultural diversity, and gender balance, we also promote effective collabo-
ration between different generations at Beiersdorf. Our goal is to be mindful of the abilities and needs
of every employee and especially those of older members of staff. In the Consumer Business Segment
in Germany, the proportion of employees aged over 50 was 32% at the end of the reporting period
(previous year: 32%). In contrast, a total of 15% of employees are younger than 30 (previous year: 15%).
The average age of employees in Germany as of December 31, 2022 was 42 (previous year: 42). To
support our employees over 50, Beiersdorf AG offers internal training courses tailored to the needs
of this group. One focus in this context is the learning initiative on digital topics offered through the
support of Beiersdorf's affiliate Beiersdorf Shared Services GmbH. In addition, the "New Genera-
tion 50+” employee network is committed to questioning age as a career obstacle and to highlighting
ways in which employees can advance in their careers regardless of their age. The community is also
a partner of the cross-company meta-network "GenerationenSOPLUS”, which was recognized as an
“Innovative Network 2022” by Germany's Federal Labor Minister Hubertus Heil at the Innovation

Day 2022 event organized by the Germany Federal Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs. Through this
network, Beiersdorf initiates events together with OTTO and the "Demography Network” to promote
the advancement of age-sensitive corporate cultures at other companies as well. During the reporting
year, this included the first nationwide "Change Maker 50+”, online conference, which took place on
October 27, 2022, at the initiative of the "GenerationenSOPLUS” network. The network pursues the
goal of promoting opportunities for professional development among employees aged 50 and over
and increasing their societal standing.

Age Structure in the Consumer Business Segment Germany

(in %)

2021 2022
= 60 years 8 8
50 - 59 years 24 24
40 - 49 years 22 23
30 - 39 years 30 30
20 - 29 years 15 14
< 19 years 1 1

82
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

As an employer, we are actively committed to the inclusion of people with disabilities. Our workforce
includes various individuals with disabilities; in addition, we have been supporting the nationwide
“Innoklusio” initiative since 2021. Its goal is to promote inclusion awareness at all levels in order to
integrate more people with disabilities into the labor market. The aim is to break down the precon-
ceptions that can lead to exclusion of people with disabilities and to bring about a profound cultural
change. At the end of September, our inclusion team met with the creators of the “Innoklusio” model
project to kick off the project together with key members of our company and define concrete ways
of implementing the “inclusion revolution.” “Working hand in hand instead of side by side” is the idea
we are using to bring about a global mindset shift at our company and further improve the inclusion
of people with disabilities. An internal exhibition will be held in fiscal 2023 to raise awareness of the
issue among all employees.

In addition to these activities, we also hired a number of sheltered workshops to provide services in
2022. Beiersdorf's green spaces in Hamburg, for example, have been cared for by Elbe-Werkstatten,
the largest sheltered workshop of its kind in Germany, for many years. In addition, we continued our
partnership with the Sozialhelden initiative in the reporting year. Its team helped us with the prepa-
rations for the planned accessible Beiersdorf Campus again this year and provided advice on the
accessibility of selected Beiersdorf products - to ensure that our brands meet the needs of people
with disabilities even more effectively.

Diverse initiatives, activities, and partnerships

Beiersdorf conducted a wide variety of activities in the reporting year to further boost diversity and
inclusion. Due to the outbreak of war in Ukraine, we did not communicate externally on the occasion
of International Women’s Day on March 8, but offered our employees various internal formats for sharing
opinions and ideas as well as learning, all organized under the banner "#BreaktheBias", which the
Executive Committee also participated in. The wide range of activities we carried out on International
Women’s Day were designed to draw attention to stereotypes and prejudices against women and
girls and thus promote greater equality. Under the banner of "“#NowMoreThanEver”, we also initiated
the "Global D&l Day” at Beiersdorf on May 31. The multifaceted program included keynotes, panel
discussions, best practice sessions, and training seminars. In this context, all of our employees had
the opportunity to learn more about how and why diversity and inclusion are practiced at Beiersdorf,
either live in the auditorium in Hamburg or virtually via an online stream. Every employee was invited
to actively participate in the discussion on the topic of D&I. In response to the question “Are you
future ready?”, experts discussed, together with the first leadership tandem from our ranks, the extent
to which job sharing is a future model for leadership positions.

Beiersdorf was also active on the occasion of Pride Month, on Christopher Street Day 2022 in Ham-
burg, and beyond, demonstrating its commitment to tolerance and acceptance. We drew attention
both internally as well as externally to Beiersdorf’s multifaceted activities in support of the LGBTIO+?
community. In the reporting year, this included the launch of our partnership with the Hamburg-based
non-profit initiative WELCOMING OUT, for example. The initiative aims to alleviate fears of coming
out among members of the LGBTIO+ community and communicate the important message to them
that they are welcomed just as they are. To this end, the initiative specifically targets heterosexual
cisgender people and educates them about the importance of allyship. As one of the first PATRONS
OF WELCOMING OUT, Beiersdorf is speaking out for respect, tolerance, and more togetherness.
The NIVEA and Labello brands also once again showed their support for the pride movement in the
reporting year. The brand sent a clear signal of acceptance with various campaigns and products that
featured the slogan “NIVEA is for everyone.” The Labello brand also showed its commitment to the
LGBTIQ+ community with the Labello Pride Kiss Edition.

2 LGBTIQ+ is an abbreviation for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intergender, queer, and further spectrums of sexuality
and gender.

83
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Through our partnership with the Generation Rainbow initiative on Pride Day Germany, July 7, 2022,
we also underscored our commitment to equality for the LGBTIO+ community, especially in the
workplace. One part of the initiative was the publication of the book Generation Rainbow - So That
Being Different Becomes Normal. The book features rainbow role models who serve as guidance and
inspiration to live LGBTIOQ+ diversity more fully in the workplace. To complement this, we sent our own
Beiersdorf truck to join the colorful parade on Christopher Street Day in Hamburg for the first time on
August 6. More than 150 employees and allies were on hand that day, both on and next to the truck,
and made a clear statement that everyone should “be proud in your own skin.” Participation in the
march was organized and managed by the internal employee community "Be You @Beiersdorf”.

With the aim of further advancing gender equality at Beiersdorf, we also celebrated the 6th "Wo*Men
in Leadership Convention” on November 3. Around 160 participants attended the event in person,
and more than 3,000 employees tuned in to the livestream. They all experienced a mix of inspiration,
upskilling, and discussions with internal and external role models under the banner “Forward: #Stron-
gerlogether”. The common goal of all participants is to create a culture in which everyone enjoys the
same opportunities and where talent and potential are the basis for following one’s own career path
and achieving success. The packed agenda included keynotes, panel discussions, and masterclasses
on leadership, as well as jam sessions where employees took over the global stage for ten minutes
and spoke very personally. Members of the Executive Board and senior management answered
questions from interested employees in small group sessions and shared tips to help employees
along their career paths.

Other activities and internal events were initiated by our numerous employee networks dedicated to
various aspects of diversity. The “Be You @Beiersdorf” community established back in 2019, which
aims to raise awareness of LGBTIOQ+ issues and create an even more inclusive environment for all
LGBTIQ+ people, has the backing of CEO Vincent Warnery, who personally serves as a "Be You @
Beiersdorf” ambassador. The community supported all of the company’s activities surrounding Pride
Month in the reporting year. For International Lesbian Visibility Day in April, the team behind “Be You”
also debuted a new format called “Closet Talk”, which features inspiring people of all genders. As part
of a presentation entitled “Why coming out as a queer woman is good business!", three queer women
spoke about their experiences and encouraged LGBTIO+ members to come out as well. In the second
installment of the event series, the theme was “Bit: the invisible dimension.” The network already has
230 members worldwide and is supported by numerous allies, i.e. people who show solidarity with
the LGBTIO+ community.

In addition to the "Be You @Beiersdorf” employee network, other employee communities also
initiated their own individual activities during the reporting year. The grassroots community
#SisterhoodisPower, founded in 2020 to help women empower each other on their career paths,
continued its digital #PowerTalk series in the reporting year, which features inspiring women shar-
ing their stories and thoughts on leadership, as well as their personal tips. In addition, the initiative
focused on its peer mentoring program #Grow2gether, which was launched the previous year. It is
the first inclusive, company-wide mentoring program aimed at all employees worldwide and seeks
to foster inspiring relationships based on trust and mutual respect that benefit both mentors and
mentees. For International Women’s Day, the community also launched a postcard campaign inviting
employees to send an e-card to their coworkers to celebrate this special day.

Other active employee communities include the “New Generation 50+” network, which initiated
various learning sessions on the topic of digitalization in the reporting year, the employee community
“WeEnited”, which was newly established in 2021 and aims to promote exchange and cohesion among
international coworkers with a buddy program and various events, and the fathers’ network “DAD.
icated", which was established in the reporting year and is a community of fathers, fathers-to-be, and
allies who encourage others to make their own idea of life as a father a reality. In July of the reporting

84
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

year, the network established a regularly scheduled get-together. In addition, "DAD.icated” became a
partner of the “conpadres” initiative, a cross-company network working with employers as partners to
improve work-life balance from a father’s perspective.

n addition to its many internal activities, Beiersdorf also supports cross-company dialogue within

he framework of external partnerships. This includes, for example, our activities in support of the
“BeyondGenderAgenda” (BGA) initiative launched in 2021, which aims to enshrine diversity, equity,
and inclusion (D&I) in the DNA of public and medium-sized German companies and thus ensure

hat the German economy remains competitive over the long term. Beiersdorf is also a signatory to
he “Diversity Charter” initiative, which aims to advance the recognition, appreciation, and inclusion
of diversity across a variety of dimensions in the world of work. Other partnerships with a focus on
gender equality include the LEAD Network (Leading Executives Advancing Diversity), which aims

0 attract, retain, and promote women in the consumer goods and retail sectors in Europe, and the
MyCollective and conpadres programs, which focus on parental leave and fatherhood. To strengthen
he LGBTIO+ community, Beiersdorf has also partnered with the Hamburg-based WELCOMING OUT
initiative, which aims to ease the fears of members of the LGBTIO+ community around coming out

and to set a clear signal in favor of acceptance. Through our partnership with “Queere Vernetzung”,
we support efforts to increase acceptance of gender and sexual diversity at Hamburg-based com-
panies, and through the PROUT AT WORK Foundation, we support equal opportunities for LGBTIO+
people in the workplace.

In order to include people with disabilities more strongly, we also work together with Innoklusio
and Sozialhelden.

tesa

As one of the world’s technology leaders in the field of technical adhesive tapes and adhesive
system solutions, tesa has positioned itself as an attractive and sustainable employer. It is vital for
he company to recruit highly qualified staff and retain them long-term as a prerequisite for main-
aining tesa’s positive performance.

Employee development

n 2022, tesa once again invested in training its staff and creating further attractive development
opportunities for them. Taking account of the continuing global COVID-19 pandemic, further online

earning offerings were added to the development opportunities in the reporting year. We offered
development centers and other activities specially for our high potentials, and supported these
individuals with tailor-made development measures.

Leadership culture

Managers’ ability to offer employees a motivating work environment and encourage them to express
their talents is key to tesa’s business success and its attractiveness as an employer. That is why tesa
began to design a new Management Development Program (MDP) back in 2019. The program aims
to impart key management skills in areas such as strategy development, finance and controlling, and
supply chain and HR management. The one-year program includes various remote modules and two
in-person components. It started in May 2022 and is due to conclude in September 2023.

A further focal aspect of HR work is to encourage tesa’s talents. In the Competencies Review, talented
people are given the opportunity to take part in exercises related to their occupation in a format similar
to an assessment center. The participants then receive informed feedback on their strengths and
areas for development based on the tesa Key Competencies. Major components include continuous
peer feedback, a presentation by participants, and a learning path covering the ten months beyond
the Competencies Review. During this time, participants receive a high level of support from their line
managers and from HR.

85
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The People Values campaign “Dare to create” in 2021 and 2022 brought all tesa employees closer to
the six corporate values with the strong support of the Executive Board members. Workshops also
took place at the senior executive level to even more strongly instill the People Values in everyday
work. These core values of the company are: "Team up, Set the pace, Challenge yourself, Focus on
your customers, Act responsibly”, and “Achieve & Improve”. The People Values are also reflected in
the tools provided by HR, such as the tesa Performance Appraisal, which was conducted in this format
for the first time in 2022. Employers and managers have integrated the Values into their day-to-day
work and use them as a tool for providing guidance.

Knowledge transfer

The pandemic continued to present some challenges for the training and professional development
of managers and employees during the reporting year. The global training programs could only
sporadically be offered face to face in 2022 and were instead held in digital, virtual formats.

Apart from replacement of face-to-face formats by digital learning opportunities, tesa further cus-
tomized use of the external digital platform LinkedIn Learning to tesa’s specific requirements and
developed company-specific learning paths tailored to needs.

tesa is continuing to make use of e-learning formats for knowledge transfer. Current offerings include
e-learning on topics such as compliance, occupational safety, sustainability, product and technology,
sales, and the Supply Network. Employees can access all tesa’s professional development offerings at
any time via a digital tesa Learning Hub.

In 2022, a new leadership training series was further adapted to hybrid forms of working. It is divided
into a “basics” and an “advanced” training program. Participants in international groups are taught
fundamental management skills and how to handle management tasks in the “basics” part. In the
“advanced” part, experienced managers acquire competencies in areas such as team development,
change management, or coaching. The content of the management training series is focused on the
challenges of the current tesa strategy and Leadership@tesa.

The global employee review - tesa Performance Appraisal - takes place throughout the tesa organ-
ization. The purpose of this meeting between employee and manager is to discuss feedback on
work results and work behavior in a spirit of dialogue and to receive guidance from the manager for
the coming year. Under the new process, not only managers, but also all employees are urged to
prepare for the appraisal using the questionnaire. Backed by this process, tesa is strengthening indi-
viduals’ personal responsibility and initiative, as well as awareness of their performance and accom-
plishments. A further aim is to enable employees and managers to benefit from a stronger culture of
feedback and dialogue at tesa.

Attractive working environment

In the reporting year, tesa pursued further initiatives aimed at fostering an attractive working
environment:

Occupational health management

For years now, employees at the tesa headquarters in Norderstedt have been offered an extensive
health management scheme under the umbrella brand “It’s for you!”, with the focus on the issues of
“working environment” (e.g. ergonomics advice), “balance” (e.g. massages), “exercise” (e.g. in-house
gym), “diet,” and “prevention” (e.g. colorectal cancer screening).

During the coronavirus crisis, health management has successfully gone online: Just about all existing

offerings are available in an adapted digital form (such as virtual active breaks, or online training in
“healthy management at a distance”).

86
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

tesa Young Connection

The tesa Young Connection face-to-face events were able to take place again in 2022. They included
a large annual event held over two days. The days began with workshops on tesa-specific topics such
as employer branding and then focused on networking activities to foster cohesion and engagement
among tesa’s young talent.

tesa Women’s Network

In 2022 tesa cooperated with Beiersdorf’s new women’s network #SisterhoodisPower. Regular online
events were held throughout the year as part of this. Internal and external speakers held various
keynotes on the subjects of career, family, resilience, and self-empowerment.

Back2Office

tesa invested heavily in IT and communications technology for hybrid working and modernized social
spaces such as the canteen and coffee bar. These are inviting settings for meetings and creative
collaboration. We are also testing our first desk-sharing concepts to enable even greater individual
freedom in the choice of working location and to better reflect working in matrix structures.

Sustainability’

Sustainability is firmly anchored in our corporate culture and is a core element of our decision-making
and business processes. Sustainable action means avoiding pollution or damage to the environment,
respecting human rights all along the value chain, and making a relevant social contribution. In 2022,

another particularly challenging year, we were passionate and determined about transforming our-

selves as a company and contributing to positive global change.

Since 2020, our CARE BEYOND SKIN Sustainability Agenda has been an integral part of our
C.A.R.E.+ business strategy. We are driving our transformation all along the value chain - from inno-
vative, sustainable product design to sustainable ingredients, efficient production in our factories,
and the end of our products’ life cycle. We are aware of our major responsibility as a global skin care
company and want to make an active contribution to protecting the climate. That is why we have set
ourselves one of the most ambitious reduction targets in the industry. Across the Group, we want to
cut absolute Scope 1 and 2 CO, emissions by 30% by 2025 (base year: 2018) and absolute Scope 3
emissions by 10%. These targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)
and are in line with scientists’ calls to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. In addition, with
the “Business Ambition for 1.5° C,” we have signed a voluntary long-term commitment to achieve
net-zero emissions by 2050.

In 2022 we were awarded for our outstanding sustainability performance: We received a “Triple A”
rating by global environmental non-profit Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) for excellent scores for
target setting, performance and transparency within the areas of climate change, forests and water
security. This milestone demonstrates the progress made in recent years towards achieving our
ambitious sustainability commitments.

Detailed information on our commitment to sustainability can be found below in our Non-financial
Statement (NFS) and at www.beiersdorf.com/sustainability/reporting/downloads. Additional

information on sustainability is also available at www.beiersdorf.com/sustainability and

www.tesa.com/en/about-tesa/sustainability.

1 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

87
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Non-financial Statement 2022

Combined Non-financial Statement of the Beiersdorf Group
and Beiersdorf AG

In accordance with Germany's CSR Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG), Beiersdorf reports on
material non-financial aspects of its business activities in its Annual Report. These include aspects
regarding the environment, employees, society, human rights, and anti-corruption. The following
sections of the Annual Report constitute the Combined Non-financial Statement (NFS) for the
Beiersdorf Group (Consumer and tesa Business Segments) and Beiersdorf AG, as defined under
sections 315b and 289b of the Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB).

Furthermore, both the Consumer and tesa Business Segments publish separate sustainability reports
which provide further information on their respective sustainability activities and projects.

Application of international reporting frameworks

Due to the different materiality requirements set out in the GRI Standards, United Nations Global
Compact (UNGC), and Germany's CSR Directive Implementation Act (CSR-RUG), neither the
Beiersdorf Group nor Beiersdorf AG applied any international frameworks in accordance with section
315c¢(3) of the HGB in conjunction with section 289d of the HGB to prepare the Non-financial Statement.
The Consumer Business Segment, however, follows the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards in
its broader sustainability reporting and publishes a separate GRI index.

Both business segments are United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) members and report on their
achievements and measures taken in the reporting period in order to implement the ten princi-
ples of the UNGC in the areas of human rights, working conditions, environmental protection, and
anti-corruption. This Non-financial Statement systematically and comprehensively fulfills the UNGC
Communication on Progress (CoP) requirements for the Beiersdorf Group.

Material non-financial topics for the business segments

Both business segments conduct materiality analyses to strategically identify and review sustainability
topics. In the Consumer Business Segment, such an analysis was last carried out in 2021. The following
material topics were identified during this process: Climate protection, circular economy, sustaina-
ble land use and biodiversity, sustainable use of water, diversity and inclusion, education and training,
employer attractiveness, occupational health and safety, safeguarding human rights, community
engagement, compliance and business ethics, and product safety.

The tesa Business Segment last updated its materiality matrix with members of relevant specialist
departments in 2020. The material non-financial topics identified are climate and energy, product
sustainability, resource efficiency, water, employee development, diversity and equal opportuni-
ies, occupational health and safety, human rights, prevention of anticompetitive behavior, and
product safety. For an overview of all material non-financial topics relating to the Consumer and
esa Business Segments, together with section and page references, please refer to our index to
he Non-financial Statement.

Statement scope

Disclosures on the material NFS topics are mainly provided separately for the tesa and Consumer
Business Segments. In principle, all information is reported jointly for the Beiersdorf Group and
Beiersdorf AG. Key figures that are collected separately for Beiersdorf AG are listed in the table
“Relevant Key Figures for the Non-financial Statement of the Beiersdorf AG”.

88
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The acquired businesses STOP THE WATER WHILE USING ME! (2020) and Chantecaille (2022) are
managed as independent business units and are not included in the reported key figures due to their
comparatively low sales volumes. Due to the limited data availability with regard to non-financial
topics, our NIVEA-KAO business in Japan is also not included in this statement. One exception are the
CO, figures, the calculation of which has also included NIVEA-KAO'.

Since fiscal year 2021, we have also been reporting on revenues, capital expenditures, and operating
expenses associated with “environmentally sustainable” activities in the NFS in accordance with
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The Consumer and tesa Business Segments report jointly
on the EU taxonomy.

The Non-financial Statement has been subjected to a limited assurance engagement by the auditing
company Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprifungsgesellschaft based on the International Standard
on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised).

In order to avoid redundancies, reference is made to passages in the Combined Management Report
that contain non-financial disclosures. This relates to the areas “Business and Strategy” and “People at
Beiersdorf.” Some of the information in these sections also forms part of the Non-financial Statement.
The relevant sections are marked with F—1 in the Combined Management Report.

' The CO, data collected for NIVEA-KAO covers Scopes 1 and 2 and, under Scope 3, the areas of packaging and raw materials,
and finished goods manufacturing from Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services, upstream transportation from Category 4.

89
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Economic Report

Economic Environment

General Economic Situation

Gross Domestic Product' Inflation Rate"
change versus previous year (in %) change versus previous year (in %)
|1.9 |3.4 |2.1 |1.2 |7.9 |8.4 | 8.0 |2.5
Germany Eurozone United States Japan Germany Eurozone United States Japan
Previous year @ Current year Previous year @® Current year

1 Commerzbank Research

2022 was a turbulent year for the global economy. In particular, geopolitical and economic events
created a volatile macroeconomy. While the easing of COVID-19 restrictions at the beginning of the
year initially improved the economic situation, optimism quickly subsided again due to the Russian
invasion of Ukraine. In summary, the year was marked by a stronger-than-expected economic down-
turn. This was caused by inflation reaching heights not seen for several decades and interacting with
an imbalance of supply and demand. Central banks responded by tightening the monetary policy
reins and hiking interest rates. Global inflation rises therefore slowed in the second half of the year,
but this came at the price of a more difficult financing environment in many regions. In addition, short-
ages on labor markets, combined with a loss in purchasing power, put pressure on wage and salary
structures. The supply chain problems continued to act as a brake on the global economy in 2022;
however, the supply chain situation improved somewhat toward the end of the year.

The European economy was particularly affected by the impacts of the Ukraine war in 2022. In eco-
nomic terms, the Russian invasion resulted in uncertainty around gas supplies and a dramatic rise in
energy prices in the eurozone. The energy price situation was also linked to a dramatic rise in the infla-
tion rate, which translated into higher consumer prices. This meant that European consumer spending
was low. The service sector was particularly affected by consumer restraint. Industry in the eurozone
was additionally hit by the continuing supply chain problems. In particular, a shortage of intermediate
products hit the output of European industry. In response to the high rate of inflation, the European
Central Bank (ECB) began to hike key interest rates starting from the middle of the year. The difficult
financing environment began to make its mark in interest rate-sensitive markets such as real estate
and resulted in falling property prices in the eurozone.

As part of the world economy, the German economy was also hit by numerous factors in 2022. Dra-

matic inflation rates, supply shortages, and uncertainty following the Russian invasion of Ukraine put
the brakes on economic activity. While Germany's exports suffered, its import spending rose, driven

137
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

by expensive energy imports from abroad. However, the relief packages adopted by the German
government largely offset the rising cost of imported energy, at least in mathematical terms. Higher
interest rates to tackle inflation resulted in a fall in residential property prices in Germany starting
from the middle of the year. Manufacturing output rose slightly, and the supply chain problems

also eased somewhat toward the end of the year. While the supply situation differs from industry to
industry, chemical plants, for example, are again finding it easier to access raw materials and inter-
mediate products.

The United States started 2022 with negative economic growth, which continued until the middle
of the year. In June, inflation reached its highest level for four decades. The Federal Reserve
responded throughout the year with sharp interest rate hikes. Inflation slowed as a result; how-
ever, it still remained at a high level. Interest rate-sensitive markets such as the real estate sector
responded quickly to the rate hikes. From June 2022, this triggered a fall in US property prices.
Other sectors were robust to the more restrictive monetary policy of the Federal Reserve. This

is partly explained by the release of high pent-up demand in the second half of the year and was
also helped by the easing of supply shortages caused by the COVID-19 measures. The automotive
sector was a noteworthy example. Overall, after a difficult start to 2022, the US economy recovered
in the second half of the year.

Japan was also affected by the global economic situation and faced rising inflation and elevated
import and energy costs. This resulted in a slowdown in growth in 2022. Toward the end of the year,
however, an upturn in consumer spending was seen. Demand for services, in particular, rose again.
The upturn was linked to the reopening of the border and an easing supply chain situation. At the
same time, the Bank of Japan decided for the first time in over two decades to move away from its
loose monetary policy and raised yields on long-term Japanese bonds.

Although the emerging markets recovered economically from the pandemic, the difficult global
economic context put them under pressure again. China’s economy was kept stable overall by
capital investment in infrastructure and manufacturing. Consumer spending, meanwhile, remained

at a reduced level due to the zero-Covid policy. With the difficult global economic situation reducing
demand from abroad, the Chinese economy lost an important growth driver. The Middle East
economies enjoyed the highest growth rate since 2016. This was largely due to high oil prices; how-
ever, growth was also generated in non-oil-extracting sectors. In India exports declined significantly
relative to imports. Sales fell across the economy, as demand for both durable and non-durable con-
sumer goods was well below the pre-pandemic level. However, industrial output remains on a par
with pre-COVID-19 times. In the Southeast Asian emerging markets, inflation peaked at the end of
2022. Border reopenings enabled an economic recovery, especially in the contact-intensive service
sector. The economic situation in Brazil was marked by uncertainty. The debate about a change in
he constitution, which would enable government spending to exceed the existing cap, triggered

a sharp rise in market prices. The uncertainty was further amplified by the lack of appointments to
ey government posts, including that of finance minister. The Russian economy was dominated by
he impacts of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. According to information from the
European Union - based on independent analyses by the World Bank, the International Monetary
Fund (IMF), and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) - the sanc-
ions imposed were effective. The Russian economy shrank, and trade declined. High inflation rates
complicated the economic environment in Russia, too. Economic activity was also hit by the partial
mobilization of the Russian population for the war in Ukraine. Wage inflation and increased momen-

um in services were also observed. Overall, Russia ended the fiscal year with a declining GDP.

138
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Sales Market Trends

The global market environment in 2022 was Consumer Spending!
highly volatile and challenging. Since the out- change versus previous year (in %)

break of Russia’s war against Ukraine, markets

4.4 4.0 2.9 2.2

have been confronted with increased com-
modity prices and substantial supply short-
ages in energy markets. In many countries, the
combination of increased commodity prices
and sustained currency depreciation resulted

in higher inflation combined with growing fear
of recession. The global cosmetics market saw
growth despite the volatile environment and a
challenging circumstances and returned to the

Germany Eurozone United States Japan?

levels seen before COVID-19. In particular, the

SUN, Lip, and Deo categories achieved year-on- Previous year @ Current year

year growth, as did all regions with the excep- 1 Commerzbank Research.

tion of Northeast Asia. 2 Oxford Economics.

The tesa subsidiary’s business activities were characterized by high uncertainty in 2022. Hard lock-
down measures in the People’s Republic of China due to the COVID-19 pandemic temporarily weak-
ened the local market, as did the ongoing disruption to global supply chains. The Ukraine war led

to a significant increase in energy prices. The continued lack of availability of semiconductors and
other industrial materials also contributed to high inflation. However, industrial sales markets proved
highly robust in this environment. Global automotive markets in particular saw noticeable year-on-

year growth, especially compared with the weaker second half of 2021. There were differences in the
impact on distribution to end consumers and industry. While traditional retail rallied since it was now
only slightly affected by COVID-19 restrictions, growth in online retail slowed noticeably.

Procurement Market Trends

The year 2022 was marked by continuous supply shortages and significant inflation on most commodity,
packaging, and logistics markets. This was partly due to COVID-19-related capacity restrictions affecting
many producers and entire supplier countries such as China. In addition to this, energy costs, which
had already risen in 2021, were lifted to new heights by the Ukraine war, resulting in a strong increase
in production costs for our suppliers.

All this meant that prices for raw materials, packaging, and logistics services were substantially up on
the previous year’s levels, particularly in the second half of 2022. Our focused, cross-departmental
management of supply shortages and preferential position with key suppliers enabled us to limit the
negative impact of supply difficulties on our production sites and retail partners.

Overall Assessment of the Economic Environment

The global cosmetics market developed positively in 2022 despite the continued high volatility in the
world economy. The main reasons for this included the widespread normalization of everyday life fol-
lowing the restrictions due to the pandemic in the previous years. Both Skin Care and Personal Care
(soaps, shower gels) produced strong growth. The focus in the Consumer Business Segment was on
Skin Care, in which we made major investment. All Skin Care subcategories achieved growth in 2022
and largely posted strong gains in market share.

139
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

In the tesa Business Segment, considerable impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continued to make
themselves felt in 2022 through the still difficult situation in global value chains. In addition, the out-
break of the Ukraine war meant a marked increase in prices for raw materials, logistics, and energy.
Despite difficult circumstances, tesa increased sales in both divisions Industry and Consumer,
including through necessary price rises.

Results of Operations

Results of Operations - Group

Income Statement

(in € million)

2021 2022 Development in %'!
Sales 7,627 8,799 15.4
Cost of goods sold -3,267 -3,842 17.6
Gross profit 4,360 4,957 13.7
Marketing and selling expenses -2,675 -2,998 12.1
Research and development expenses -268 -291 8.3
General and administrative expenses -448 -524 16.9
Other operating result (excluding special factors) 24 14 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 993 1,158 16.7
Special factors -60 -66 -
Operating result (EBIT) 933 1,092 17.1
Financial result -26 4 -
Profit before tax 907 1,096 20.9
Income taxes -252 -325 28.8

Profit after tax 655 771 17.8

1 Percentage changes are calculated based on thousands of €.

Sales

Group sales increased organically by 10.2% year on year. The Consumer Business Segment recorded
an encouraging, double-digit rise in organic sales of 10.5%. The tesa Business Segment achieved
organic sales growth of 8.8%. Exchange rates increased nominal growth by 4.3 percentage points.
The structural effects of the acquisition of Chantecaille and the sale of tesa Labtec had a positive
impact of 0.9 percentage points on sales. Nominal sales for the Group increased by 15.4% year-on-
year to €8,799 million (previous year: €7,627 million).

In Europe, organic sales were up 5.5% on the previous year. Nominal sales stood at €3,900 million
(previous year: €3,676 million), putting them 6.1% higher than the previous year.

Organic year-on-year growth in the Americas hit 21.8%. In nominal terms, sales rose by 39.2% to
€2,126 million (previous year: €1,527 million).

Organic sales in the Africa/Asia/Australia region were 9.9% above the previous year’s level. Nominal
sales climbed by 14.4% to €2,773 million (previous year: €2,424 million).

140
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information
Group Sales Group Sales by Regions
(in € million) (in %)

7,233 7,653 7,025 7,627 8,799 31.5
Africa/Asia/

Australia

44.3
24.2 Europe
Americas

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

Expenses/Other operating result

The cost of goods sold climbed by 17.6%. As a result of the increased sales volume, costs rose again
compared to the previous year. In addition, exchange rates had a negative impact. These were partially
offset by price and mix effects. Overall, as a result of increased cost pressure on the procurement
markets, gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased in the reporting year.

With an increase of 12.1% compared to the previous year, marketing and selling expenses devel-
oped at a lower rate than sales due to the efficient use of resources and amounted to €2,998 million
(previous year: €2,675 million). This was achieved through optimization of marketing expenditures and
focused advertising campaigns. The marketing budget is constantly adjusted to the changing market
conditions and especially to the change in consumers’ media use. A total of €1,883 million (previous
year: €1,689 million) was spent on advertising and trade marketing.

Research and development expenses also developed at a lower rate than sales. They amounted to
€291 million, €23 million higher than in the previous year (€268 million). One focus in this respect was
on forward-looking technologies, new digitization options and sustainable concepts. Continuous
research, taking into account regional specifics, enables the company to respond to consumer wishes.

General and administrative expenses rose from €448 million to €524 million and were mainly driven
by the continuation of numerous digitalization projects. The other operating result (excluding special
factors) totaled €14 million (previous year: €24 million). This was mainly due to foreign exchange

losses and higher restructuring expenses.

141
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors)

The Beiersdorf Group's results of operations are determined on the basis of the operating result
(EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of IFRS Standards and should be treated
merely as voluntary additional information. The special factors listed are one-time, non-operating
transactions.

EBIT excluding special factors amounted to Group EBIT

€1,158 million (previous year: €993 million), while excluding special factors (in € million)

the EBIT margin was 13.2% (previous year: 13.0%).

The Consumer Business Segment generated 1,113 1,095 906 993 1,158

EBIT excluding special factors of €880 million
(previous year: €740 million). The EBIT margin was
12.3% (previous year: 12.1%). The tesa Business
Segment achieved EBIT excluding special factors
of €278 million (previous year: €253 million) and
an EBIT margin of 16.7% (previous year: 16.9%).

The Group operating result before special fac-
tors in Europe was €618 million (previous year:
€556 million). The EBIT margin was 15.9% (previous
year: 15.1%). The operating result before special

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

factors in the Americas amounted to €140 million (previous year: €91 million). The EBIT margin here
was 6.6% (previous year: 6.0%). In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to
€400 million (previous year: €346 million) with an EBIT margin of 14.5% (previous year: 14.3%).

Special factors

The Group special factors totaled €66 million (previous year: €60 million). The special factors recog-
nized in the reporting year mainly comprised restructuring expenses, primarily in the supply chain
organization of €43 million (previous year: €37 million), expenditure from the ,Care Beyond Skin”
program of €5 million (previous year: €6 million), and other expenditure of €18 million, which was
incurred as a result of the integration of the Chantecaille business in the amount of €4 million, as well
as expenses of €6 million in connection with the sale of tesa Labtec and the impairment of goodwill
for tesa Twinlock in the amount of €8 million.

Operating result (EBIT)

The operating result (EBIT) amounted to €1,092 million (previous year: €933 million). This corresponds
to an EBIT margin of 12.4% (previous year: 12.2%).

Financial result

The financial result amounted to €4 million (previous year: €-26 million). The previous year’s figure was
attributable to losses from financial investments.

Income taxes

Income taxes totaled €325 million (previous year: €252 million). The tax rate was 29.6% (previous year:
27.8%). Taxes for the special factors amounted to €14 million (previous year: €16 million).

142
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Profit after tax Group Profit after Tax
excluding special factors (in € million)
Profit after tax was €771 million (previous year:

€655 million). The return on sales after tax was 756 788 636 699 823
8.8% (previous year: 8.6%).

Excluding special factors, profit after tax increased
to €823 million (previous year: €699 million). The
corresponding return on sales after tax was 9.4%
(previous year: 9.2%).

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022

Earnings per share - Dividends

Earnings per share stood at €3.33 (previous year: €2.81). Excluding special factors, earnings per share
amounted to €3.56 (previous year: €3.00). These figures were calculated on the basis of the weighted

number of shares bearing dividend rights (226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory Board

will propose a dividend of €0.70 per no-par-value share bearing dividend rights to the Annual General
Meeting (previous year: €0.70). For further information on the number, type, and notional value of the

shares, please refer to Note 19 “Share Capital” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Results of Operations - Business Segments

Consumer

Sales - Consumer Business Segment

(in € million)
Change (in %)

Jan. 1 - Dec. 31,2021 Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2022 nominal organic
Europe 2,910 3,104 6.7 5.0
Western Europe 2,352 2,505 6.5 5.3
Eastern Europe 558 599 7.3 3.7
Americas 1,302 1,841 41.4 23.2
North America 646 900 39.3 17.6
Latin America 656 941 43.4 28.6
Africa/Asia/Australia 1,917 2,186 14.0 10.2

Total 6,129 7,131 16.3 10.5
Sales in the Consumer Business Segment grew organically by 10.5% in 2022. In nominal terms, sales
increased by 16.3% to €7,131 million (previous year: € 6,129 million). Exchange rate effects increased
nominal growth by 4.6 percentage points. The structural effect from the acquisition of Chantecaille
positively impacted nominal growth by 1.2 percentage points.

All regions and brands contributed to the growth in the Consumer Business Segment. Beiersdorf
gained market share on every continent, particularly with the NIVEA brand in Europe, with very strong
development in Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Spain, and with the Derma business unit's
Eucerin and Aquaphor brands in the United States, Mexico, and Germany. The Healthcare business
also gained market share, particularly in Australia, Mexico, and Indonesia.

143
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The rates of sales growth trended upward in all regions, especially in the Americas and in Africa/Asia/
Australia, where sales rose by double-digit percentages year on year. NIVEA achieved strong growth
rates overall. Derma, Healthcare, and the La Prairie brand put in strong growth figures and contributed
to the business segment's excellent performance.

EBIT excluding special factors was €880 million (previous year: €740 million). The EBIT margin
excluding special factors was 12.3% (previous year: 12.1%). Special factors comprised expenditure
of €5 million from the “Care Beyond Skin” program, restructuring expenses, primarily in the supply
chain organization of €43 million, and expenditure of €4 million in connection with the integration
of the Chantecaille business. The operating result for the Consumer Business Segment including
special factors therefore stood at €828 million (previous year: €680 million), while the EBIT margin
was 11.6% (previous year: 11.1%).

NIVEA grew organically by 9.6% globally in 2022. Nominal sales increased from €4,116 million to
€4,652 million. The strong almost double-digit sales growth in percentage terms was based on gains
in market share in all regions and almost all main categories. NIVEA saw growth in both volume and
price. This was driven especially by the emerging markets region, the introduction of new products,
and a strong performance by the basic range. All main categories posted growth in 2022. The main
growth drivers were NIVEA Deo, NIVEA SUN, NIVEA Body, NIVEA Lip, and NIVEA Face. In the NIVEA
Deo category, existing product lines such as Black & White and Fresh and expanded lines such as
Pearl&Beauty were among the key growth drivers. The NIVEA SUN business showed remarkable
growth in all regions and almost all ranges, outperforming the pre-COVID-19 sales level. NIVEA also
achieved very positive sales performance in the core body care business with ranges such as Essen-
tials. NIVEA Lip grew strongly in almost all product ranges and regions. In the NIVEA Face category,
the continued excellent performance of the newly launched NIVEA Cellular LUMINOUS630® contributed
to the strong sales growth. The NIVEA hair care category saw a further decline.

The Derma business unit performed particularly well, with organic sales growth of 23.9%. Nominal
sales were up from €790 million to €1,026 million. Sales growth was achieved in all regions and catego-
ries. Strong growth acceleration was achieved in our key market USA, in the South America and
MEA region, and in our white spot market China. A positive contribution to growth came primarily
from the Eucerin face category, mainly from the subcategories anti-pigment and acne, driven by
the further expansion of our Thiamidol range. In addition, our sun category contributed to strong
above-average growth, supported by the launch of Eucerin Sun in the USA and the success of our
new product launches such as Oil and Pigment Control Tinted. In Body Care, the Eucerin Urea
range and Aquaphor recorded particularly strong sales growth. In general, the online sales channel
was an important sales driver.

Healthcare recorded organic sales growth of 13.1% and reached a new milestone of €261 million
(previous year: €225 million). The double-digit sales growth in percentage terms was based on
strong, consistent implementation of brand innovations, including sustainable plasters in the field of
wound care. This growth was seen in all major markets. Wound plasters continue to be a strong pillar
and growth driver for overall growth.

In the selective cosmetics business unit, our La Prairie brand increased organic sales by 1.9%.
Nominal sales were up from €599 million to €655 million. This result was mainly due to the recovery
of the important travel retail business and the upturn in brick-and-mortar retail in North America,
while the local market in China faced major challenges from COVID-19 restrictions. The launches of
White Caviar Essence Extraordinaire, Pure Gold Radiance Nocturnal Balm, and Skin Caviar Harmony
U'Extrait acted as the growth drivers.

In the Europe region, organic sales were up 5.0% on the previous year. Nominal sales climbed by
6.7% to €3,104 million (previous year: €2,910 million).

144
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

In Western Europe, organic sales rose by 5.3%. Healthy growth rates were achieved especially in
Great Britain, Spain, Italy, and Denmark. Sales in NIVEA Deo, SUN, and Universal Creams along with
the wound care categories in the Healthcare area developed especially positively. The Eucerin Face,
Body, and Sun categories also contributed to sales growth. There was a significant impact from the
recovery of the travel retail business at the La Prairie brand.

Sales in Eastern Europe were up 3.7% on the previous year in organic terms. This trend was partly
driven by strong growth in Poland and Romania and by the positive performance in other Eastern
European countries. The NIVEA Deo, SUN & Lip Care and Eucerin Face, Sun & Body categories per-
formed especially well in the region. In Russia, business with La Prairie was reduced completely and
with other products in the consumer segment significantly. Due to the reduced business activities in
Russia and the conflict in Ukraine, growth in Eastern Europe was below average.

In the Americas region, the Consumer Business Segment achieved strong organic sales growth of
23.2%. At €1,841 million, nominal sales were up 41.4% on the previous year (€1,302 million).

In North America, there was positive organic sales growth of 17.6%. The Coppertone, Aquaphor, and
Eucerin brands were the key growth drivers.

Very good organic sales growth of 28.6% was also achieved in Latin America. Nominal sales in the
region rose by 43.4% due to the substantial exchange rate effects. Sales growth was seen in almost
all countries. This was particularly strong in Brazil and Mexico. Both NIVEA and Eucerin were strong
growth drivers.

Sales in the Africa/Asia/Australia region grew by 10.2% in organic terms. In nominal terms, sales
rose by 14.0% to €2,186 million (previous year: €1,917 million). Sales trends were especially positive
in Indonesia, India, Nigeria, and South Africa. In particular, NIVEA Deo, Face, and SUN all performed
very well. Eucerin also achieved strong growth in the region, especially in China.

145
To the shareholders

Consumer Sales

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Combined Management Report

Consolidated Finanancial Statements

Consumer Sales by Region

(in € million) (in %)
5,890 6,274 5,700 6,129 7,131 30.7
Africa/Asia/
Australia
43.5
25.8 Europe
Americas
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
EBIT Consumer Consumer Sales in Europe
excluding special factors (in € million) (in € million)
903 883 702 740 880 S'a7>C  —VHS% = HH)G = H"RCH ss !"#$%
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Consumer Sales in America Consumer Sales in Africa/Asia/Australia
(in € million) (in € million)
"%$! HS I$ & "&%’ !"#$! #"%&%  \"#$! # &( HSH "#$%
2018 2019 myn 2021 "ty 2018 2019 myn 2021 "ty

146

Additional Information
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

tesa

Sales - tesa Business Segment

(in € million)
Change (in %)
Jan. 1- Dec. 31,2021 Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 2022 nominal organic
Europe 766 796 3.9 7.6
Americas 225 285 26.4 13.7
Africa/Asia/Australia 507 587 15.8 8.4

Total" 1,498 1,668 11.3 8.8

1 The total comprises the sales of the tesa Industry, Consumer, and Others divisions.

tesa achieved very healthy organic sales growth of 8.8% in 2022 in a difficult market environment.
Positive exchange rate effects impacted this development by 3.3 percentage points. In contrast, the
sale of tesa Labtec in the third quarter had a negative impact on sales of 0.8 percentage points. In
nominal terms, sales therefore rose by 11.3%, from €1,498 million in the previous year to €1,668 million.

In Europe, organic sales were up by 7.6%. The Industry division achieved significant increases in all
markets. Price rises were implemented to counter cost pressure from materials, logistics, and energy
price inflation. tesa’s Consumer division also continued its growth on the back of a healthy prior-year
period. In a difficult market environment, sales in the end consumer business, including via digital
sales channels, trended upwards. In nominal terms, tesa generated European sales of €796 million
(previous year: €766 million). The region's share of Group sales fell to 47.7% (previous year: 51.1%).

In North and South America, tesa achieved a very positive sales trend with organic growth of 13.7%.
Sales in the Industry division made a substantial recovery and recorded growth particularly in the
automotive market. Sales in the end consumer business in Latin America also developed very positively.
The region's sales were up by 26.4% in nominal terms to €285 million (previous year: €225 million). The
region's share of Group sales rose to 17.1% (previous year: 15.0%).

In Asia, tesa achieved organic sales growth of 8.4%, particularly due to new project business with
products for the electronics industry. The recovery in the automotive sector led to additional business
in this region, too. In nominal terms, sales in Asia increased by 15.8% to €587 million (previous year:
€507 million). The region's share of Group sales rose to 35.2% (previous year: 33.9%).

EBIT excluding special factors increased to a total of €278 million (previous year: €253 million). The
EBIT margin excluding special factors was 16.7% (previous year: 16.9%). The special factors in the tesa
Business Segment in the amount of €14 million (previous year: €0) mainly involved an impairment loss
on the goodwill of tesa Twinlock of €8 million and the loss from the sale of tesa Labtec of €6 million.
The operating result including special factors stood at €264 million (previous year: €253 million),
while the EBIT margin was 15.8% (previous year: 16.8%).

147
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information
Sales tesa tesa Sales by Regions
(in € million) (in %)
"H&H "#$% "#0 "&%’ "HES I"#$
"#$%E&’ \($&’)
V*(4#&$&
Toc
SH -*#/0
11O#$%&(
2018 2019 we 2021 ty
EBIT tesa

excluding special factors (in € million)

"# "! '#& '$% "#
2018 2019 we 2021 ty
Industry

Sales in tesa industry increased considerably. Alongside successful project business in consumer
electronics and the recovery in automotive markets, price increases contributed in significant part to
this trend. The Industry division recorded organic sales growth of 10.0%. Nominal sales climbed by
13.3% to €1,297 million (previous year: €1,145 million). The share of the Industry division in total sales
was 77.8% (previous year: 76.4%).

In consumer electronics, tesa once again grew strongly and further enhanced its position as an
important provider of innovative products and solutions for the manufacture of smartphones and
tablets. The range for assembling front and rear modules and for battery mounting was developed
further and translated into bespoke solutions. tesa gained market share in a sharply deteriorating
overall market environment.

The automotive and electrical systems businesses achieved double-digit growth in 2022. This was
partly due to strong market growth in the second half of the year on the back of a weaker prior-year
period dominated by shortages in the semiconductor industry. In addition, the automotive business
grew through successful project business in e-mobility, particularly with adhesive solutions for com-
ponents to affix displays, for e-batteries, and for vehicle design. tesa continued its targeted expansion
of the product range in close cooperation with automotive manufacturers and suppliers and invested
further in research and development in line with the transformation of the automotive industry.

148
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

tesa further expanded its activities in the printing and paper business. In particular, the strong
product portfolio in flexographic printing contributed to this growth. tesa continues to benefit from a
growing market in the packaging industry all around the world.

In building industries, business activity declined during the reporting year. High real estate prices,
the sharply increased cost of building materials, and interest rate hikes dented market performance
particularly in the United States, where tesa provides airtight and waterproof adhesives for the con-
struction and building supplies industry.

The industrial distribution business grew globally in 2022. This was due to the targeted addition
of sustainable adhesive tapes to the product portfolio, an expansion of business with industrial
converters, and the implementation of price rises. Business performance in Europe saw a downturn
in the fourth quarter.

Until September 30, 2022, tesa’s portfolio also included Labtec GmbH with its applications for the
pharmaceutical industry. Labtec GmbH was sold to the French company AdhexPharma.

Consumer

Organic sales in the consumer division increased by 5.1%. In nominal terms, this translated to growth
of 4.9%, lifting sales to €363 million (previous year: €346 million). As a result, the Consumer division
contributed 21.8% (previous year: 23.1%) of tesa’s total sales in the reporting year.

Business with private consumers and professional tradespeople grew moderately in Europe and
markedly in Latin America. Significant price adjustments along with product launches and successfully
realized customer projects contributed to this.

Sales channels for professional tradespeople and stationery showed particularly strong growth.
The hardware store business, which was partly affected by COVID-19 lockdowns in the previous
year, contributed to the positive sales growth. E-commerce accounts were unable to escape the
negative market trend and fell short of the previous year’s figures, which had been bolstered by
strong market growth.

Product ranges driving growth chiefly included tesamoll®, packaging tapes and tapes for painters and
repairs. For the latter, tesa made changes to the product range and shelf presentation in hardware
stores. In the bathroom accessories category, tesa sells products that are quick and easy to mount
with the innovative “nie wieder bohren” technology. Newly introduced product options, expanded
distribution, and media campaigns enabled tesa to further enhance its market position in 2022.

149
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information
Net Assets
Net Assets - Group
(in € million)
Assets Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022
Non-current assets 6,668 6,806
Inventories 1,144 1,557
Other current assets 2,451 2,905
Cash and cash equivalents 1,036 1,080
11,299 12,348
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022
Equity 6,894 7,805
Non-current provisions 935 528
Non-current liabilities 145 254
Current provisions 582 614
Current liabilities 2,743 3,147
11,299 12,348

Non-current assets increased by €138 million to €6,806 million (previous year: €6,668 million).
Long-term securities decreased by €753 million to €3,184 million (previous year: €3,937 million).
Capital expenditure on property, plant, and equipment, and investment in intangible assets
amounted to €1,137 million (previous year: €413 million). Of this amount, €1,054 million (previous
year: €376 million) related to the Consumer Business Segment and €83 million (previous year:
€37 million) to the tesa Business Segment. The capital expenditure primarily involved the acquisition
of Chantecaille (€532 million) as well as securing the future of the Beiersdorf sites and expanding
hem, increasing capacity at the production locations, and constructing the new Group headquar-
ers. Depreciation and impairment losses amounted to €287 million (previous year: €287 million).
nventories increased by €413 million to €1,557 million (previous year: €1,144 million). Other current
assets increased to €2,905 million (previous year: €2,451 million). This item includes short-term
securities of €771 million (previous year: €616 million). The increase in this position is mainly due
Oo repayments at maturity and a simultaneous reclassification from non-current to current securi-
ies. Trade receivables increased by €202 million to €1,508 million (previous year: €1,306 million).

ncome tax receivables amounted to €205 million (previous year: €207 million), while other current
assets increased by €41 million to €239 million (previous year: €198 million).

Cash and cash equivalents increased to €1,080 million (previous year: €1,036 million). Net liquidity (cash,
cash equivalents, and long- and short- term securities less current and non-current lease liabilities less
other financial liabilities) decreased by €589 million to €4,477 million (previous year: €5,066 million).
Other financial liabilities increased by €26 million to €367 million (previous year: €341 million). Short-
term borrowings continue to be used to support the management of financial assets and liquidity.

150
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Financing Structure
(in %)

2021
my

1&

@ #$%&’ ()@ *4,-.%/10, )1&23&1&’ KO® 5%//0,’)1&23&1&’ &04)

Total non-current provisions and liabilities stood at €782 million (previous year: €1,080 million). This
item includes provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits, which decreased to
€382 million (previous year: €808 million), mainly due to an increase in the interest rate. There was
a related increase in deferred tax liabilities to €137 million (previous year: €38 million). Total current
provisions and liabilities rose by €436 million to €3,761 million (previous year: €3,325 million) as a
result of an increase in current financial liabilities and a rise in trade payables. The equity ratio was
63% (previous year: 61%). Non-current liabilities accounted for 6% (previous year: 10%) and current
liabilities for 31% (previous year: 29%).

Financial Position

Cash Flow Statement - Group

(in € million)

2021 2022
Gross cash flow 897 1,084
Change in net current assets % -287
Net cash flow from operating activities 993 797
Net cash flow from investing activities -845 -402
Free cash flow 148 395
Net cash flow from financing activities -141 -345
Other changes 24 -6
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 31 44
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 1,005 1,036
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31 1,036 1,080

Gross cash flow amounted to €1,084 million in the period under review, up €187 million on the
prior-year value.

The change in working capital led to an outflow of €287 million (previous year inflow: €96 million). The
increase of €396 million in trade payables and current provisions was accompanied by a €395 million
increase in inventories and a €288 million increase in receivables and other assets.

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €402 million in the reporting year (pre-
vious year: €845 million). Net investments of €583 million in the sale of securities, interest and other
financial income received of €76 million, proceeds of €29 million from the sale of intangible assets
and property, plant, and equipment as well as proceeds from the sale of subsidiaries of €10 million
were offset by capital expenditure of €548 million for property, plant, and equipment and intangible

151
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

assets, payments for acquisitions of €545 million as well as payments for investments in associated
companies and other investments of €7 million.

Free cash flow was €395 million, up by €247 million on the prior-year value (€148 million). The net cash
outflow of €345 million from financing activities (previous year: €141 million) comprised the Beiersdorf
AG dividend payment of €159 million, payments to acquire shares from non-controlling interests with-
out a change in control of €72 million and other financial cash outflows in the amount of €114 million.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €1,080 million (previous year: €1,036 million).

Financing and liquidity provision

Hedging currency, interest rate, and default risks as well as investing liquid assets are at the heart of
financial management at Beiersdorf. Providing liquidity for the Group is also a paramount objective.
The type and volume of transactions are in line with the basic operating and financial business. Sce-
narios and rolling 12-month cash flow planning are used to establish liquidity requirements. Details
on financial risk management can be found in the notes to the balance sheet, Note 29.

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Economic Position

Overall Assessment of the Group’s economic Position

Forecast for 2022 Forecast for 2022 Forecast for 2022
Result in in 2021 in H1 2022 in9M 2022 Result in
2021 Annual Report Report Quarterly Statement 2022
Sales growth (organic)
. . . at the upper end
Consumer (in %) 8.8 in the migdle single of the mid-single 9-10 10.5
igit range ran
digit range
og in the middle single in the low- to mid-
tesa (in %) 13.6 digit range single digit range 7-9 8.8
. . . at the upper end
Group (in %) 9.7 inthe migdle single of the mid-single 9-10 10.2
igit range ran
digit range
EBIT margin (excluding special
factors)
og slightly above slightly above slightly above
Consumer (in %) 124 previous year’s level previous year’s level _ previous year’s level 12.3
tesa (in %) 169 noticeably below noticeably below slightly below 167
° . previous year’s level previous year’s level _ previous year’s level :
Group (in %) 13.0 at prior-year level at prior-year level at prior-year level 13.2

The Group generated sales of €8,799 million (previous year: €7,627 million). Organic sales were up by
0.2% (previous year: increase of 9.7%). EBIT excluding special factors reached €1,158 million (previous
year: €993 million). The EBIT margin excluding special factors was 13.2% (previous year: 13.0%).

The Consumer Business Segment looks back on a strong fiscal year 2022, in which it increased both
sales and market share and also continued to invest in the C.A.R.E.+ strategy. A particular focus was
on digitalization as an area that will ensure Beiersdorf AG's success over the medium and long term.

These efforts already began to pay off in the reporting year, for example with a significant increase in
online sales, which are a major growth driver for the Consumer business.

Overall, the Consumer Business Segment recorded organic sales growth of 10.5% (previous year:
8.8%) in 2022. NIVEA’s growth was broad-based, with both Skin Care and Personal Care achieving a
very healthy expansion. In Skin Care, the sun care subcategory was among those growing strongly,
and face care also performed very positively due to strong innovations. The Derma business, too,

152
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

continued its success story from 2021 and again recorded double-digit organic growth thanks

to innovations and strong online business. Healthcare grew by double digits again and has well
exceeded its pre-COVID-19 figures for 2019. Despite a volatile performance at La Prairie during the
year 2022 - given its close dependence on political decisions taken to contain the pandemic in China
- organic sales growth increased slightly for the full year 2022. The Consumer Business Segment’s
significant sales growth in Latin America and the United States was particularly noteworthy. The
operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and corresponding EBIT margin increased slightly,
despite significant investment in strategy implementation and sharply increased commodity prices.
The Consumer EBIT margin excluding special factors was 12.3% (previous year: 12.1%).

The tesa Business Segment generated organic sales growth of 8.8% (previous year: 13.6%) in 2022 in
a difficult global market environment impacted by the repercussions of the Ukraine war and also still
by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Industry division, which handles business directly with industrial
customers and industry trade, and the Consumer division, which comprises sales to end consumers
and tradespeople, both recorded a considerable increase in sales. The electronics and automotive
areas in particular continued to show a clearly positive sales trend. The tesa EBIT margin excluding
special factors was 16.7% (previous year: 16.9%).

Beiersdort AG

Business Activities

Beiersdorf AG is based in Hamburg (Germany) and is the parent company of the Beiersdorf Group. As
of December 31, 2022, Beiersdorf AG employed 2,415 people (previous year: 2,412). The number of
vocational trainees and trainees not included in this figure was 115 (previous year: 121).

Beiersdorf AG is responsible for the German Consumer business and provides typical holding com-
pany services to its affiliates. In addition to its own operating activities, Beiersdorf AG manages an
extensive investment portfolio and is the direct or indirect parent company of over 200 subsidiaries
worldwide. The company also performs central planning/financial control, supply chain, treasury, and
human resources functions, as well as a large proportion of research and development activities for
the Consumer business.

Beiersdorf AG's operating business is one part of the Beiersdorf Group's business activities. The entire
company is managed on the basis of the key performance indicators outlined in the “Management and
Control” section of the Combined Management Report. It is only possible to gain a full insight into the
key performance indicators at the level of the Group.

The net assets, financial position, and results of operations of Beiersdorf AG are dominated by its
own business activities and by the activities of its affiliates in the form of royalty income and dividend
income. Consequently, the economic position of Beiersdorf AG essentially corresponds to that of
the Group as a whole. Similarly, the opportunities and risks as well as the outlook for Beiersdorf AG
correlate closely with those for the Group, particularly regarding the war in Ukraine and the global
COVID-19 pandemic, which have brought economic disruption, volatility, and shortages in important
procurement, transport, and sales market for us.

Basis of Preparation

The annual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG are prepared in accordance with the provisions

of the Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB) and the Aktiengesetz (German Stock
Corporation Act, AktG). The recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code that are
relevant to the annual financial statements were taken into account.

153
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Result of Operations - Beiersdorf AG

Income Statement - Beiersdorf AG in accordance with HGB

(in € million)

2021 2022
Sales 1,336 1,429
Other operating income 35 47
Cost of materials -286 -306
Personnel expenses -332 -331
Depreciation and amortization of property, plant, and equipment and intangible a1 A
assets
Other operating expenses -727 -797
Operating result -15 1
Net income from investments 212 352
Net interest expense -45 -19
Other financial result 3 1
Financial result 170 334
Profit before tax 155 335
Income taxes -32 -27
Profit after tax 123 308
Transfer to other retained earnings - -132
Withdrawals from other retained earnings 53 -
Net retained profits 176 176

Beiersdorf AG's sales increased by €93 million to €1,429 million in the reporting year (previous year:
€1,336 million). Product sales for Aquaphor, NIVEA SUN, and Eucerin were particularly encouraging.
Sales of €1,023 million (previous year: €988 million) were generated in Germany and €406 million
(previous year: €348 million) in other countries.

The operating result rose by €16 million to €1 million due to considerably higher sales and
improved other operating income, accompanied by a proportionate increase in cost of materials
and marketing expenses.

The financial result improved year-on-year by €164 million. This increase was due to a significant
rise in net income from investments of €140 million and a €26 million improvement in net interest

expense. Meanwhile, other financial result deteriorated by €2 million.

Accordingly, profit before tax was significantly higher than the previous year at €335 million, with
an increase of €180 million.

Profit after tax was €308 million (previous year: €123 million), an increase of €185 million on the
previous year.

154
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Net Assets and Financial Position - Beiersdorf AG

Balance Sheet - Beiersdorf AG in accordance with HGB

(in € million)
Assets Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022
Intangible assets 140 110
Property, plant, and equipment 139 193
Financial assets 6,328 5,879
Fixed assets 6,607 6,182
Inventories 4 4
Receivables and other assets 693 896
Securities 82 82
Cash and cash equivalents 1 18
Current assets 780 1,000
Prepaid expenses 6 7
Deferred tax assets 98 102
7,491 7,291
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022
Equity 2,764 2,913
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 656 643
Other provisions 305 329
Provisions 961 972
Liabilities 3,766 3,406
7,491 7,291

Fixed assets fell by a considerable €425 million year-on-year. This decrease was largely due to the
maturity and sale of long-term government and corporate bonds. The additions to property, plant,
and equipment of €66 million include €43 million in connection with the completion and commis-
sioning of a building together with outdoor facilities and operating equipment as part of the “New
Beiersdorf Campus” project. Investments in property, plant, and equipment were offset by depreci-
ation of €12 million.

Current assets increased by €220 million over the fiscal year to €1,000 million. As in the previous year,
this includes short-term securities of €82 million. The sharp increase in this position of €203 million is
mainly attributable to higher financial receivables from affiliated companies.

In contrast, liabilities decreased by a considerable €360 million year on year to €3,406 million. This
was mainly due to a decrease in financial liabilities to affiliated companies.

€2,913 million (previous year: €2,764 million), or 40% (previous year: 37%), of the total balance sheet
assets of €7,291 million (previous year: €7,49 1million) is financed by equity.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose a dividend of €0.70 per no-par-value share
bearing dividend rights to the Annual General Meeting (previous year: €0.70).

155
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Risk Report

Risks and Opportunities

In the course of its business activities, the Beiersdorf Group is exposed to a multitude of risks and
opportunities. These risks and opportunities result, among other things, from its activities that seek
to develop and make use of opportunities to improve the company’s competitiveness. Risks and
opportunities encompass specific events and developments with a certain probability of occurrence
that may have material negative or positive financial and non-financial effects on the achievement of
the Beiersdorf Group's objectives. Beiersdorf uses an integrated risk and opportunity management
system to identify and evaluate material risks at an early stage and to consistently limit them using
counteractive measures. This system is coordinated at Group headquarters.

Beiersdorf Risk Radar

Schematic diagram

"#$% &’ ()*%’ +$,-%. <15#-+$%2<-&514+$%26' % .$#5

1J%o-O1 %$+$ &#23’ + #$%A (5 <-+=$#4#4-&2> 195#4#1#4-&

6 &1*’0#-%4&7 3282 @&&-A’#4-&52B 1’ (4H#C)+’ &’ 7$4$&:

6° % .S#48&72845H#%49 1#4-&2:1#9-1&;)(-745#405 1%T BAD’ #4-&’ ()$"O$(($&OS
"= OO erem—=se
@Significant @ <%4#40’ @ !"45#$ &0$E4+=$%4 (4&7 @4+=%-99($ ME/%-99$ ME FS%C)=%-9'9(5

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management System

The risk and opportunity management system at Beiersdorf is an integral part of the central and
local planning, management, and control processes in the individual companies, management
units, and regions, at Consumer and tesa Business Segment levels, and at Group level. Risk and
opportunity management is complemented by the accounting-related internal control systems, the
various internal and external monitoring bodies - supported by Internal Audit - and external audi-
tors. Compliance management, which is also relevant in this context, is described extensively in the
chapter “Non-financial Statement.”

Risk and opportunity management is closely aligned with corporate strategy and helps Beiersdorf to
identify its potential and to analyze and make optimal use of this potential while always taking risks
into account. Regularly performing analyses of customers and the competition, for example, enables a
swift response to dynamic market developments. Specific market opportunities and risks are derived
from the information obtained.

Beiersdorf actively incurs risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an appropriate increase
in value, and only if they can be managed using established methods and measures within the relevant
organization. In cases where the full avoidance of risks is not possible or reasonable, risks are mitigated
using appropriate measures, or are transferred to third parties such as insurance companies.

156
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Within the risk management process, periodic inventories are carried out to identify, evaluate, docu-
ment, and subsequently communicate the material risks in a structured way along with the measures
to manage these risks. The corresponding principles, reporting and feedback processes, and respon-
sibilities are laid out in a directive that applies across the Group. This is updated regularly.

Beiersdorf Risk Presentation

W"#S%$Er? Be) H+ H#00&$’.
#,.-°"/,.% financial effects
123"#$%$’.

"&060 mses “
0(

>P &6.’)*2< 10%)

<1, &i#%*=* '#00&$’.( 10% <- < 50%)
-/, lp? =

#3."%(&#/%’*"&060
H%J#"

Beiersdorf distinguishes between strategic, functional, and operational risks. Strategic risks encom-
pass fundamental frameworks, developments, and events that could have a substantial impact on

the Group's business model or its business segments. Functional risks are challenges inherent to the
business model. The various specialist functions generally work at the global or regional level to counter
these risks, with sustainable actions relating to the design of operational and organizational structures
as well as with specific individual measures. The opportunities and risks associated with climate change
are also particularly integrated into strategic and functional risk management. Operational risks and
opportunities are those that may influence short-term sales and profits of our corporate affiliates.

Appropriate observation periods are assigned to these risk categories. A period of five years generally
applies for strategic risks. For functional risks, the period is two years as a rule, and for short-term
operational risks one year.

In the Group's internal risk reporting, individual risks are uniformly presented by positioning them on
a so-called risk radar. The various fields of the radar reflect, in summarized form, the relevant areas for
the company both inside and outside the Group that may give rise to risks. The graph on the previous
page (Beiersdorf risk radar) shows the structure of the risk radar for strategic risks.

For each category, the risks are also classified based on their probability and the potential financial
and non-financial impact of their occurrence. The likelihood of occurrence and impact of risks are
determined on a net basis, assuming risk-mitigation measures have already been implemented or at
least specific plans for them exist.

The Executive Board and supervisory bodies are regularly updated on the risk situation at Consumer

and tesa Business Segment levels and at Group level. Besides this, direct lines of communication
ensure that suddenly occurring material risks are also reported immediately to management.

157
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Continuous information sharing with the Corporate Development function additionally encourages
the consideration of risk aspects in the support provided to management. Central risk management
is also in constant communication with the task forces on key issues such as the war in Ukraine or the
continuing global COVID-19 pandemic.

A new body - the Corporate Risk Board - was created during the reporting period to advise the
Executive Board. It consists of the heads of important, mostly globally responsible corporate depart-
ments comprising multiple areas of responsibility (Marketing, Quality Management, Internal Audit,
Communication, Sustainability, Group Accounting, IT Security, Legal). The task of this body is to collate
the various risks - both those already known and those newly identified by the Corporate Risk Board

- using a broad-based approach and to analyze them in depth and present them in summarized form.
By bringing together many different perspectives, it will provide Beiersdorf with important collective
intelligence, further improving and complementing the existing analysis of material risks.

As in the previous year, in analyzing the material risks and opportunities, the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board looked in depth at the comparison of the qualitatively and quantitatively aggre-
gated risk portfolio with the also updated total financial risk-bearing capacity. The aim was again to
determine whether there was any need for a change in the overall assessment of the risk situation
(see below) on this basis.

To ensure maximum transparency and accountability, Beiersdorf’s financial risk-bearing capacity is
calculated based on average net liquidity (see the “Net Assets” section). The available free cash flow
to be used for the development of net liquidity in the multi-period perspective is adjusted solely for
the previously deducted investments in securities and effects from past M&A transactions. The cal-
culation of risk-bearing capacity is therefore based on a very conservative approach as it deliberately
does not take into account potentially significant short-term increases in our liquidity, which could be
used in actual crisis situations.

These increases could include, for example, new and/or increased credit lines, the release of hidden
reserves, the sale of fixed assets, individual business units, or own shares from our portfolio, the tem-
porary suspension of dividend payments, or the reduction of planned investments in the market or in
maintaining/expanding our fixed assets. Lastly, for net liquidity and cash flow, we have used only the
average for the last five years rather than the higher recent figures for 2022.

As a result of comparing the risk situation with risk-bearing capacity, it can be concluded that, over
the relevant observation period of the next two years, the current risk portfolio, revalued during
the reporting year, would still not give rise to a financial situation even remotely endangering the
Beiersdorf Group's continued existence, even given the full and simultaneous occurrence of all the
individual risks.

Description of the Material Risks and Opportunities

Strategic and functional risks and opportunities

Given the newly emerging and in some cases substantially worsening global economic and political
environment in 2022, we comprehensively reviewed our assessments of the strategic risks. As a
result of this review, we have refined some of the risk definitions and increased our estimates of the
risk levels in quantitative terms compared with the previous year. In addition, in line with our more
cautious approach, we have currently completely removed opportunities beyond our medium-term
planning from the quantitative net calculation of the risk portfolio. We have also removed some risk
aspects, which we regard as part of the day-to-day challenges we continuously face as part of our
business model, from the definition of strategic risks, since these are generally already captured by
our financial planning. These include, for example, recurring disputes with retailers over pricing and

158
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

diverse attacks on our brands and products by competitors, and, in particular, the defense of our
trademarks and product claims.

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their broad appeal remains
of decisive importance to Beiersdorf's business development. The trust of our customers and, in
particular, of the consumers of our products, is essential to this and cannot be taken for granted. We
have designed our risk management system to fully justify this trust and to provide enduring, successful
protection to the value of our brands. We continuously review our internal processes in all areas of
the company in order that we can respond appropriately, correctly, and effectively to any events that
could harm or threaten our reputation. Combined with the activities described below in relation to
the quality of our products and overall market image, we expect this to help prevent any potential
reputational problems from escalating into critical issues. This applies equally to our brands and to
our company as a whole. Among other things, our extensive operational and communication meas-
ures in relation to sustainability, diversity, and other aspects of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
enable us at the same time to categorize risks to the reputation of our brands and our company as
only significant and improbable overall.

As part of the refined classification of strategic risks in this annual report, we have introduced
clearer differentiation in relation to the changing behavior of our customers and particularly of con-
sumers. Very different measures are needed to successfully respond on the one hand to growing
expectations around digitalization, and on the other hand to the requirements, based on public
expectations, that we face in relation to environmental protection, sustainability, and good corpo-
rate governance (ESG requirements).

We further expanded contact opportunities in the reporting year, especially with our end consumers. To
this end, we use a growing number of e-commerce and social media platforms and address people
directly through our own websites. We also use an ever more diverse range of tools, including very
well received initiatives enabling direct contact and dialogue with our senior management. In addition,
we support our direct retail partners in a variety of ways by continuously expanding options for digital
dialogue, combined, for example, with links to each other's websites.

Alongside other sustainability criteria, we particularly follow the debates on avoiding certain
packaging and raw materials. This includes closely monitoring the European Green Deal. We are
continuing our plastics cycle strategy, announced in 2021, along with our efforts to develop and use
sustainable packaging and applications. We are also reinforcing the awareness among our employees
and managers through extensive reporting on the varied local and company-wide activities relating
to the environment, sustainability, and our clear commitment to diversity and inclusion, from local
environmental protection campaigns in various international subsidiaries to a company-wide sus-
tainability summit.

Despite the differences referred to above, we continue to regard risks from changes in consumer
behavior due to advancing digitalization and constantly growing public expectations of us
with regard to environmental protection, sustainability, and our conduct as a corporate citizen
as critical and probable.

The management focus on the sustainable success of our market activities ensures that - in terms of
brands, products, and regions - we invest in promising markets. To this end, we actively screen new
business areas and selectively invest in start-ups (including so-called accelerator programs), allowing
us to quickly capitalize on specialist expertise in research and development. However, our concrete
planning only includes already tangible results. Here, too, we consider additional market opportunities
beyond our planning to be possible; however, we have removed them from our calculation of the net
risk portfolio as part of a cautious approach.

159
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The global political situation further worsened - in some cases majorly - during the reporting
period. In particular, the war in Ukraine and the constraints still associated with the effects of the
pandemic, supplemented by tensions in the Chinese-European and American-European relation-
ships, are hindering further development in some of the markets where we work. We have included
in our planning our best estimates of the specific negative impacts but regard the associated residual
risks as critical and very probable.

There are procurement risks relating to the use of services and to the availability and delivery
reliability of raw materials, packaging materials and other inputs, natural resources, and
energy as well as to their further heavily increased cost in the reporting period. These risks are
countered by continuously monitoring our markets and suppliers as well as by using appropriate
contract management. We also carefully manage the scope, timing, and frequency of our individual
purchases. Strategic partnerships are an important element of actively managing our supplier port-
folio, as are internal programs designed to ensure the agility of the supply chain as a whole and its
resilience to disruption. In addition, we are intensively seeking potential cost reductions throughout
the value chain as part of the continuation of our broad-based “value engineering” project. Aside
from the expectations already included in our planning, we regard the additional strategic and func-
tional risks in relation to availability and price trends on the procurement side as critical or major but
improbable overall.

As part of the review of our strategic risks, we have now combined the risk from threats to our IT system
and the IT systems of our direct business partners with other unavailability of or problems accessing
critical infrastructure, which have similar repercussions. These include various IT-related issues such as
partial or complete failure of the internet as well as, for example, restricted options for physical transport.

We again successfully defended ourselves in 2022 against direct and indirect attacks on our own IT
systems by further improving our infrastructure, increasing the use of cloud services while further
standardizing our application systems in all areas, and implementing a host of mechanisms for secure
mobile working from home. Our IT and production sites relevant to value creation, for example, are
also equipped with emergency power generators and autonomous energy generation systems,
which can at least partially cushion any power cuts. We categorize risks from this area to Beiersdorf as
merely significant rather than critical, but still regard them as probable.

In a further partial overhaul of our risk classification, we have now combined various external risks
from constantly increasing regulatory requirements. This relates both to tighter rules on the

use of certain raw materials and packaging as well as, for example, the development of constantly
growing information and documentation requirements in relation to data protection and consumer
contacts. We tackle the first of these challenges through research and development work, which we
support in an effective and forward-looking way through specialized regulatory affairs functions,
enabling us, for example, to respond promptly to a potential sudden ban on certain ingredients

by using suitable alternative formulations. Nevertheless, we cannot completely rule out the risk
that, despite all the above precautions, we might not be able to replace them in our formulations
promptly, and, as usual, we cautiously assess this risk as probable, albeit only significant, in accordance
with our classification criteria.

We are also helped by our data protection system, which has already been in successful, Europe-wide
use for several years and helps us continuously ensure safe handling of our company’s sensitive data
as well as that of our business partners and consumers, such as when developing and using our social
media presence or creating new software solutions. These efforts are complemented by clear internal
rules of conduct, transparent management structures, extensive training and monitoring activities,
and, in the case of data protection, further work on global roll-out. We continue to regard these risks
as merely significant and as improbable.

160
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

Partnerships and other contacts with universities enable us to build early links to qualified poten-
tial new employees, for whom we have special trainee programs to prepare them for a career

at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent management process identifies and develops talented
specialists and management personnel at all levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff
in key positions throughout the company as these become vacant. Beiersdorf is well known as an
attractive employer, and we reinforce this with a range of credible activities in relation to diversity,
corporate citizenship, sustainability, and other topics. Risks in the context of our global recruit-
ment activities currently do not constitute a material risk for us. Given, among other things, the
demographic trend and the general threat of skilled labor shortages, we will monitor the issue
very closely and are taking a range of appropriate measures to keep Beiersdorf positioned as an
attractive employer.

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer relationships and
active receivables management. Our trade credit insurance, which was overhauled in the previous
year, continues to mean that we can offer protection on a global basis and on very good terms while
also making use of high-quality risk assessments. Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are
subject to active treasury management based on a global directive. They are managed and hedged
centrally to a very large extent, considering the specific requirements for the organizational separa-
tion of the trading, settlement, and controlling functions. In light of this, there is no significant risk
potential in this respect either.

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group's liquid funds are limited by only making
investments with defined reliable counterparties. Counterparty risk is monitored daily based on ratings
and the counterparties’ liable capital as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters
are used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and securities issuers
(counterparty limits), which are compared with the investments actually made throughout the Group.
We have invested most of our liquidity in low-risk investments (such as government/corporate bonds
and Pfandbriefe). The investment strategy, which is documented in writing, is regularly agreed with
our internal supervisory body and with the Supervisory Board. Given the general increase in volatility,
we currently consider market risks from the investment of our free liquidity as significant but as
improbable in light of our measures described above.

Our financial risk management is characterized by the clear allocation of responsibilities, central rules
for limiting financial risks as a matter of principle, and the conscious alignment of the instruments
deployed with the requirements of our business activities. Specific, additional information on the
extent of the currency, interest rate, default, and liquidity risks described above can be found in Note 29
of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, “Additional Disclosures on Financial Instruments,
Financial Risk Management, and Derivative Financial Instruments.”

Short-term operational risks and opportunities

The war in Ukraine and the global COVID-19 pandemic have brought economic disruption, vola-
tility, and shortages in important procurement, transport, and sales markets for us. As in many other

areas, this remains the main factor when analyzing and quantifying operational risks. In particular,
the continued increases in material prices and their still not entirely predictable future development
represent a significant challenge for our margins and profitability. However, it is our assumption that
the individual Group companies, based on their market observations, have planned for the antici-
pated key effects in such a way that additional significant risks beyond those already considered can
continue to be regarded as improbable from today’s perspective.

The general risk of a pandemic has been included in our functional risks for many years along with the

corresponding measures. The assessment of potential severe consequences from last year has not
changed in the reporting period, and occurrence remains improbable.

161
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The key net operational risks currently remaining arise exclusively from legal and tax proceedings
and from tax audits, as in the previous period. These risks are prudently quantified by both internal
and external experts to the extent possible. Assessing the course and outcome of legal disputes is
associated with considerable uncertainty. Based on the information currently available, no material
charges are expected for the Group that would be considered probable.

Further information and details on the extent of the risks described here can be found in Note 30 of
the notes to the consolidated financial statements, “Contingent Liabilities, Other Financial Obliga-
tions, and Legal Risks.”

Monitoring of risks and opportunities

Formal monitoring of the strategic and functional risks, including corresponding mitigating measures,
takes place once a year at board division and full Executive Board level and subsequently in the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board. Along with adherence to our risk policy principles, this naturally
feeds into every business decision taken at the various levels of our company.

In addition to the above monitoring, operational risks and opportunities are continuously monitored
as part of the financial planning, forecasting, and reporting process at the local, regional, and central
level. This ensures that all sales and earnings effects regarded as relatively likely are directly and
appropriately incorporated into our financial reporting, taking into account the measures imple-
mented and planned (e.g., recognition of provisions). This is supplemented by a monthly review of
key financial figures for the Group companies, led by the Group Controlling function together with
Risk Management, Internal Audit, and other relevant controlling functions. The review is designed to
enable potentially critical developments to be addressed swiftly and precisely with those involved
and corrective action to be initiated where appropriate.

The latest information on risk development is thus also fed into the management and planning systems
of the corporate units regularly throughout the year and becomes part of the decision-making and
control processes. By directly integrating the risk inventory and planning process, the risk management
system is continuously developed further, and risk awareness is embedded throughout the company.

Summary of the Risk Situation

Compared with the previous year, there has been no fundamental change in our assessment of the
likelihood of occurrence of the material risks, either individually or as a whole. Although we have in
some cases appreciably increased our estimates of the potential financial impact should these risks
materialize, there is no overall need for qualitative repositioning specifically for strategic risks.

Even considering the updated estimations, there is currently no fundamental change to our assess-
ment of the overall risk situation. As in the previous year, this assessment was substantiated by
comparing the current quantitatively and qualitatively aggregated total risk portfolio with the very
conservatively calculated risk-bearing capacity of the Beiersdorf Group. Risk-bearing capacity has
slightly increased, partly due to the Group’s further improved liquidity position. This analysis has
confirmed Beiersdorf's view that, at the current time, neither the Beiersdorf Group nor individual
segments of the business are exposed to any risks that could endanger their continued existence.

Accounting-related Internal Control System

The aim of the accounting-related internal control system is to implement appropriate principles, pro-
cedures, and controls to ensure the correctness and reliability of accounting and financial reporting
in the financial statements and management report of the Beiersdorf Group and Beiersdorf AG in line
with the legal regulations and relevant accounting standards.

162
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

The scope and orientation of the internal control system have been shaped by the Executive Board
based on the Group-specific requirements. The accounting-related internal control system consists of
the following components: control environment, risk assessment process, control activities, information,
communication, and monitoring.

An analysis was used to identify the items and positions containing the material risks for the financial
statements. The underlying processes were then assigned to these. Preventive, monitoring, and
detective measures designed to ensure security and control in accounting, information processing, and
the operational functions have been defined Group-wide for these processes. Among other things,
the measures include the separation of functions, manual and IT-based approval processes using the
dual control principle, IT checks, access restrictions and authorization concepts for the IT system, and
systems-based processes for handling Group accounting data. These measures are updated regularly.

Internal and external shared service centers provide uniform handling of the core accounting pro-
cesses at Beiersdorf AG and most of its affiliates. In some cases, they achieve this with the help of
fully automated processes. Standardized IT systems are used to support financial reporting for the
affiliates included in the consolidated financial statements and consolidation. Procedural instruc-
tions, standardized reporting formats, and IT-based reporting and consolidation processes support
financial reporting.

The consolidated financial statements are based on accounting directives specified by Beiersdorf AG.
These guidelines are updated on an ongoing basis through continuous analysis of the relevance and
impact of changes in the regulatory environment.

The accounting process and compliance with the control requirements and accounting directives
by the companies included in the consolidated financial statements are also regularly reviewed and
adjusted if necessary.

It remains the case that even putting in place appropriate, effective systems does not guarantee
the correct, complete, and timely recording of information in the accounts with absolute certainty.
It is impossible to entirely rule out personal judgments, erroneous controls, criminal acts, or other
circumstances. Should these occur, they could limit the effectiveness and reliability of the internal
control system.

Adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
systems’

n addition to the accounting-related processes, risk early warning and monitoring systems, and
related controls, all of which are continuously and systematically audited by internal audit, both cen-
rally and locally, Beiersdorf also has extensive internal rules, regulations and processes in all areas
including interdepartmental processes) material to ensuring proper and legally compliant operations
e.g. in R&D, production and logistics, quality management, and marketing and sales, and especially
in the innovation process, which involves practically all corporate functions). The rules and regulations
are regularly communicated and updated as appropriate. Compliance with them is monitored and

raining continuously provided. We have also developed data collection and control mechanisms for
sustainability aspects. The Executive Board deals with the monitoring and control of these systems on
an ongoing basis, also in close consultation with Internal Auditing. The Executive Board is regularly
advised and monitored by the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board on issues relating to the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management system and
the internal auditing system. This has not recently resulted in any significant need for adjustment or
improvement with regard to these systems. Beiersdorf therefore has no reason to believe that there

1 This section of the Combined Management Report is not subject to audit requirements.

163
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

are inadequate or ineffective internal control and risk management systems in the relevant business
areas or in relation to the relevant topics.

Independent Monitoring

The supervisory bodies and the Internal Audit department are integrated into the Beiersdorf Group's
internal control system with audit activities that are independent of the Group's operations. Internal
Audit systematically evaluates the integrity of financial accounting, the effectiveness of the account-
ing-related internal control system and of the risk and opportunity management system, and compli-
ance. As a process-independent organizational unit, it uses a risk-based approach to reviewing the
business processes, the systems and controls that have been put in place, and the financial accounting
of transactions. The audit findings are used for ongoing enhancement of the company's management
and of preventive and detective controls. A standardized monitoring system was introduced in 2022,
enabling implementation of the controls to be globally monitored, initially in the order-to-cash and pur-
chase-to-pay core business processes. Use of the system will be further refined and expanded in 2023.

In accordance with § 317 (4) HGB and § 91 (2) AktG, the Group auditor also evaluates the effectiveness
of the risk early warning and monitoring system. Internal Audit and the Group auditor regularly report
the audit results to the supervisory bodies.

The Audit Committee of Beiersdorf AG monitors, in particular, the accounting process and the effec-
tiveness of the internal control system, the risk management system, and the internal audit system.
Alongside standard reports, in-depth analyses on fundamental and/or currently relevant issues are
regularly used for information purposes.

Report on Expected Developments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

As in the preceding years, the global economy will be subject to high levels of uncertainty again in 2023.
A particular risk to the world economy in the year ahead is posed by the potential for political conflicts.
Russia's war against Ukraine is already having a negative global economic impact, and it is unclear how
this conflict will develop. There is therefore a possibility that the already difficult economic situation could
worsen further. Continued tightening of monetary policy is expected around the world. This signals a
global recession. However, the downturn is expected to be mild and is unlikely to cause an economic
collapse. If the US Federal Reserve and European Central Bank respond to declining inflation by ending
the cycle of rising interest rates in the spring, bond yields will fall again. A positive development is China's
move away from the zero-Covid policy. Problems in relation to supply chains are likely to ease further.

While continued high inflation and interest rate hikes by the European Central Bank are expected to
lead to a mild recession in Europe, a deep downturn is unlikely. This is partly because the gas supply,
as a key source of energy, appears secure. There will also be government policies designed to help
businesses and the public. The easing of supply chain problems will enable the European economy
to work through order backlogs. All these factors will mitigate the difficult economic environment.
Nevertheless, consumer spending, capital investment, and imports and exports will decline com-
pared with the previous years. Rising pressure on wages and salaries is also expected, as unions will
seek to negotiate inflation-proof wage settlements.

In Germany, a decline in gross domestic product and a single-digit rate of inflation are predicted for
2023. Energy prices are expected to fall again over the coming year, meaning it will now be food rather
than energy costs that are the main driver of inflation. It is also likely that manufacturers have not yet fully
passed on higher production costs to consumers, which means further jumps in prices can be expected

164
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

for 2023. The typical lag in the effects of monetary policy on the real economy means that weaker activity
can generally be anticipated in spring 2023. However, only a mild recession is expected in Germany.

A weaker performance in the US economy is expected in early 2023 due to the delayed effect of
monetary policy. Although the inflation rate has been lowered, it will remain noticeable in 2023. Interest
rate hikes already imposed will only slowly make themselves felt in the real economy. The first cut in key
rates by the Federal Reserve is unlikely to be on the horizon until the end of the coming fiscal year.
However, the US economy's strong performance in the last quarter of 2022 was striking. Growth was
driven particularly by consumer spending. It can therefore be assumed that the looming recession will
be on the mild side. Away from real estate, most economic sectors in the USA have withstood the more
restrictive monetary policy well.

The Japanese economy will see growth just below the prior-year level in 2023. Global inflation is
expected to continue to subdue consumer spending. However, falling energy prices can be antici-
pated, and the Japanese government has also agreed support programs. This could take financial
pressure off consumers and positively affect their spending.

The emerging markets, too, continue to be hit by the ailing global economy. However, there are oppor-
tunities for them to put themselves in a strong position for the future and reorient their economies. The
Chinese government's abrupt departure from the zero-Covid policy may lead to higher infection rates,
which could curb economic growth particularly at the beginning of 2023. From the second quarter of
2023, however, China’s economic activity can be expected to return to normal. It is also likely that state
support measures will mitigate the problems in the Chinese real estate sector in 2023. Southeast Asian
emerging markets can expect a beneficial trend reversal in the service sector in 2023. While the global
economic context remains difficult, slight economic growth can be anticipated. In the Indian economy,
growth in gross domestic product is forecast to slow, primarily due to the difficult global financing envi-
ronment and lower demand from abroad. Economic growth in the Middle East is forecast to be impaired
by slower expansion in the major economies and the possibility of a recession in Europe. The slower eco-
nomic growth in the USA and China represents a downside risk, particularly for developing countries that
import oil and are more reliant on trade with Europe. In Brazil, the difficult financial conditions will further
hit the country’s already weak growth. At the same time, we expect the weak fiscal policy course to be
loosened even further as President Lula’s new government prioritizes social welfare spending. Russia is
expected to see a considerable rise in inflation. This, combined with the continued impact of the sanc-
tions against Russia, will likely result in economic contraction.

Procurement Market Trends

The cost of materials will start 2023 at a very high level given the current economic environment. A
correction has now begun in the markets for important preliminary raw materials such as aluminum,
silicone, and natural oils, which may lead to positive price effects in the second half of the year. How-
ever, this will be outweighed by product cost inflation at our suppliers, particularly in connection with
energy market trends.

Sales Market Trends

After a challenging year, the environment remains uncertain in light of economic and political vola-
tility. With continued high commodity prices, persistent supply shortages, rising inflation rates, and
stretched consumer budgets, the market faces constant challenges. The expectation of an inflationary
environment with the growing risk of a global recession remains. For fiscal year 2023 as a whole, we
therefore expect the market to grow in terms of value, due to price increases compensating for higher
product costs, but to decrease in terms of volume due to the expected sluggish consumer spending.
Stronger growth in value is expected principally in the skin care categories, in the emerging markets,
and in North America, as well as in online retail.

165
ANNUAL REPORT 2022

To the shareholders Combined Management Report Consolidated Finanancial Statements Additional Information

For tesa, we expect business to remain volatile in 2023. In Europe and North America, we are planning
cautiously but expect less positive momentum for our business in 2023 than we saw in the previous
year. In Asia, we anticipate moderate growth, which will be coupled very closely to the performance
of the Chinese economy. Consumer sentiment, continuing inflation in Europe, the performance of the
global automotive market, and our rather modest expectations for the electronics industry will heavily
influence developments.

Our Market Opportunities

The transition from 2022 to 2023 is marked by uncertainty about a looming recession. The significant rise
in inflation due to the Ukraine war, raw materials shortages, and logistics bottlenecks are the main drivers
in this context. A difficult year for the world economy is therefore predicted for 2023. Nevertheless, we
are optimistic about the new year. Thanks to targeted additional investments, particularly in the digital
arena, and the large share of everyday products in our portfolio, we believe we are well positioned in
the Consumer Business Segment and expect our growth to outperform the market in the year ahead.

We will build on our sound financial structure and strong earnings position together with our dedicated

employees to continue exploiting future opportunities with our internationally successful brand portfolio.
Extensive research and development activities resulting in successful, consumer-driven innovations will

be flanked by targeted marketing measures, creating enduring confidence among our consumers.

For tesa, expected growth for the coming year is slightly above the global market trend. This applies
to business with both end consumers and industrial customers. The close collaboration with the elec-
tronics industry in Asia remains constructive; however, its project-based nature continues to entail a
high risk of volatility. tesa expects to bolster its market position with continued investment in research
and development for innovative products.

Business Development

The described challenges are persisting in large parts of the world. This has resulted in an unusually
high degree of uncertainty with regard to the outlook for sales markets and our business development.
Therefore, our ability to make a reliable forecast is significantly limited.

Independently from the development of the skin care market, we will continue to achieve above-market
sales growth. We expect further improvement of the global skin care market in 2023. Based on this,
we expect organic sales growth in the mid-single-digit range in the Consumer Business Segment. The
EBIT margin from ongoing operations (excluding special factors) in the Consumer Business Segment
will be 50 basis points above the previous year’s level.

Subject to the same uncertainty regarding market development in 2023, we also expect sales growth
above the market in the tesa Business Segment. Based on this, we expect organic sales growth in the
mid-single-digit range. The EBIT margin from ongoing operations (excluding special factors) will be
slightly below the previous year’s level.

Based on the forecasts of the two business segments, Group organic sales growth is expected to
be in the mid-single digit range. We expect the consolidated EBIT margin from ongoing operations
(excluding special factors) to be slightly above the previous year’s level.

Hamburg, February 6, 2023
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board

166
