

--- Page 1 ---

Item 3. Key Information

Item 3. Key Information

3.A [Reserved]

3.B Capitalization and indebtedness

Not applicable.

3.C Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds

Not applicable.

3.D Risk factors

Our businesses face significant risks and uncertainties.
You should carefully consider all of the information set
forth in this Annual Report and in other documents we
file with or furnish to the SEC, including the following risk
factors, before deciding to invest in or to maintain an
investment in any Novartis securities. Our business, as
well as our reputation, financial condition, results of oper-
ations, and share price, could be materially adversely
affected by any of these risks, as well as other risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or not currently
considered material.

Strategic risks
Key products and commercial priorities

Risk description
Failure to deliver key commercial priorities and success-
fully launch new products

Context and potential impact
Our ability to maintain and grow our business and to
replace revenue and income lost to generic, biosimilar
and other competition depends heavily on the commer-
cial success of our new or existing key products. The
commercial success of these products could beimpacted
at any time by a number of factors, including pressure
from new or existing competitive products, changes in
the prescribing habits of healthcare professionals, unex-
pected side effects or safety signals, supply chain issues
or other product shortages, pricing pressure, regulatory
proceedings, changes in labeling, loss of intellectual
property protection, and global pandemics. In addition,
our revenue and margins could be significantly impacted
by the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of new
products.

Healthcare professionals, patients and payers may
choose competitor products instead of ours for various

reasons, including if they perceive them to be better in
terms of efficacy, safety, cost, convenience or other rea-
sons. The commercial success of our key products and
launches in the face of increasing competition requires
significant attention and management focus. Such com-
petition could significantly affect the revenue from our
products and our results of operations. This impact could
also be compounded to the extent that such competi-
tion results in us making significant additional invest-
ments in research and development, marketing or sales.

Research and development

Risk description

Failure to successfully prioritize, integrate and execute
our research and development programs for new prod-
ucts or new indications for existing products, given our
focus on innovative medicines

Context and potential impact

We engage in extensive and costly research and devel-
opment activities, both through our own internal
resources and through collaborations with third parties,
in an effort to identify and develop new products and
new indications for existing products that address unmet
and changing medical needs, and that are commercially
successful. Our ability to grow our business and our
product pipeline; to replace sales lost due to branded
competition, entry of generics, or other reasons; and to
bring to market products that take advantage of new and
potentially disruptive technologies, including cell, gene
and radioligand therapies, depends in significant part on
the success of these efforts.

Failure to successfully develop our pipeline products
is typically the result of the inherent uncertainty of sci-
ence, suboptimal internal execution, or both. Key ele-
ments of internal execution include our ability to priori-
tize our investments on our highest potential value assets,
optimize the transition of assets from research to


--- Page 2 ---

Item 3. Key Information

development, integrate externally acquired assets in an
efficient way, and execute the steps in our drug develop-
ment process that enable our assets to be approved and
reimbursed in a timely manner to positively impact clin-
ical practice. See also “Item 4. Information on the Com-
pany— Item 4.B Business overview—Innovative
Medicines—Research and development” with regards to
the research and development efforts of our Innovative
Medicines Division.

Our new products must undergo intensive preclinical
and clinical testing and are approved by means of ahighly
complex, lengthy, and expensive approval process that
varies substantially from country to country and may
have very specific requirements for the recruitment of
patients for clinical trials. We face increasing and evolv-
ing regulatory approval and reimbursement require-
ments. If we fail to successfully progress late-stage
assets and the core elements of drug development for
key programs, this could have a negative impact on the
development of our product pipeline, and ultimately on
the success of our business and our financial results.

In addition, in the US it is becoming increasingly chal-
lenging to adequately recruit a sufficient number of US
patients in clinical trials due to new and changing require-
ments for recruitment of patients into such trials. As a
result, we may be unable to develop the necessary clin-
ical evidence to support the desired indications and
product profile for a particular disease that is needed to
drive clinical adoption of our new products, and thereby
achieve the full potential of our assets (also known as
the “target product profile”). Similarly, the post-approval
regulatory burden has also increased. These require-
ments make the maintenance of regulatory approvals for
our products increasingly expensive, and further heighten
the risk of recalls, product withdrawals, change to prod-
uct specifications, loss of market share, and loss of rev-
enue and profitability.

The clinical testing, regulatory processes and
post-approval activities described above become more
difficult during pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pan-
demic, as well as during periods of geopolitical and eco-
nomic uncertainty. This is due to challenges related to
recruiting, enrolling and treating patients in clinical trials,
as well as ensuring the supply of trial materials. For a fur-
ther description of the research and development of, and
approval processes for, the products of our Innovative
Medicines Division, see the sections headed “Research
and development” and “Regulation” included in the
description of our Innovative Medicines Division under
“Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business
overview—Innovative Medicines.”

Our Sandoz Division has made, and expects to
continue to make, significant investments in the devel-
opment of biotechnology-based, “biologic” medicines
that are intended for sale as bioequivalent or “biosimilar”
versions of currently marketed biotechnology products.
While the development of such products is typically
significantly less costly and complex than the develop-
ment of the equivalent originator medicines, it is
nonetheless significantly more costly and complex than
that for typical small-molecule generic products.
For more information about the research and develop-
ment efforts of our Sandoz Division, see “Item 4.
Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business

10

overview— Sandoz—Development and registration.” In
addition, many countries do not yet have fully developed
legislative or regulatory pathways to facilitate the devel-
opment of biosimilars, and to permit their sale in sucha
way that they are readily substitutable alternatives to the
originator product. Further delays or difficulties in the
development or marketing of biosimilars could put at risk
the significant investments that Sandoz has made, and
will continue to make, in its Biopharmaceuticals business.
Failure to successfully develop and market biosimilars
could have a material adverse effect on the success of
the Sandoz Division and the Group as a whole. For more
information about the approval processes that must be
followed to market Sandoz Division products, see “Item
4. Information on the Company—Item 4.B Business over-
view—Sandoz—Regulation.”

Furthermore, our research and development activi-
ties must be conducted in an ethical and compliant man-
ner. Among other things, we are concerned with patient
safety (both pre- and post-product approval), data pri-
vacy, current Good Clinical Practices (cGCP) require-
ments, data integrity, the fair treatment of patients, diver-
sity and inclusion in the recruitment of patients to clinical
trials, and animal welfare. Should we fail to properly man-
age such issues, we risk injury to third parties, damage
to our reputation, negative financial consequences as a
result of potential claims for damages, sanctions and
fines, and the potential that investments in research and
development activities may not bring the expected ben-
efits to the Group.

Pricing, reimbursement and access

Risk description
Pricing and reimbursement pressure, including pricing
transparency and access to healthcare

Context and potential impact

Our business has continuously experienced significant
pressures on the pricing of our products and on our abil-
ity to obtain and maintain satisfactory rates of reimburse-
ment for our products by governments, insurers and
other payers. These pressures have many sources,
including growth of healthcare costs as a percentage of
gross domestic product; funding restrictions and policy
changes; and public controversies, political debate,
investigations and legal proceedings regarding pharma-
ceutical pricing. Pressures on pricing may negatively
impact both our product pricing and the availability of
our products.

In addition, we face numerous cost-containment
measures imposed by governments and other payers.
These include government-imposed industrywide price
reductions, mandatory pricing systems, reference pric-
ing systems, payers limiting access to treatments based
on cost-benefit analyses, the importation of drugs from
lower-cost countries to higher-cost countries, the shift-
ing of the payment burden to patients through higher
co-payments and co-pay accumulator programs, the lim-
iting of physicians’ ability to choose among competing
medicines, the mandatory substitution of generic drugs
for the patented equivalent, pressure on physicians to
reduce the prescribing of patented prescription
medicines, increasing pressure on intellectual property


--- Page 3 ---

Item 3. Key Information

protections, and growing requirements for increased
transparency on pricing. For more information on price
controls, see “Item 4. Information on the Company—Item
4.B Business overview—Innovative Medicines—Price
controls.”

Recent trends in the external environment may have
an impact on the likelihood of these pricing and reim-
bursement pressures occurring. A worldwide slowdown
in economic growth following the COVID-19 pandemic
and the war in Ukraine (contributing to challenges such
as high energy costs and inflation) has led to increased
strain on fiscal budgets in many major economies. In
addition, legislative developments such as those in the
US (e.g., the Inflation Reduction Act) and in Europe (e.g.,
the EU Joint Health Technology Assessment) pose
potential further pressures on pricing and timelines for
reimbursement in these countries. These external fac-
tors may materially affect our ability to achieve val-
ue-based prices; to achieve and maintain an acceptable
return on our investments in the research and develop-
ment of our products; and may impact our ability to
research and develop new products.

In addition, our Sandoz Division has faced and may
continue to face intense competition from other generic
and biosimilar pharmaceutical companies that aggres-
sively compete for market share, including through sig-
nificant price competition. Such competitive actions may
increase the costs and risks associated with our efforts
to introduce and market generic and biosimilar products,
may delay the introduction or marketing of such prod-
ucts, and may further limit the prices at which we are
able to sell these products. In particular, in the US in past
years, industrywide price competition among generic
pharmaceutical companies and consolidation of buyers
caused significant declines in sales and profits of Sandoz.

Alliances, acquisitions and divestments

Risk description
Failure to identify, execute, and/or realize the expected
benefits from our external business opportunities

Context and potential impact

As part of our strategy, from time to time we acquire and
divest products or entire businesses and enter into stra-
tegic alliances and collaborations. For example, in Feb-
ruary 2022, we closed the acquisition of Gyroscope
Therapeutics. This strategy is partly dependent on our
ability to identify strategic external business opportuni-
ties and to close transactions with third parties on
acceptable terms.

Once the terms of a strategic transaction have been
agreed with a third party, we may not be able to com-
plete the transaction in a timely manner or at all, nor can
we be sure that pre-transaction due diligence will iden-
tify all possible issues that might arise during and after
the transaction. Our efforts on such transactions can
also divert management’s attention from our existing
businesses.

After a transaction is closed, efforts to develop and
market acquired or licensed products, to integrate the
acquired business or to achieve expected synergies may
fail or may not fully meet expectations. This may occur

1

due to difficulties in retaining key personnel, customers
and suppliers; failure to obtain marketing approval or
reimbursement within expected time frames or at all; dif-
ferences in corporate culture, standards, controls, pro-
cesses and policies; or other factors. Transactions can
also result in liabilities being incurred that were not
known at the time of acquisition, or the creation of tax
or accounting issues. Acquired businesses are not
always in full compliance with legal, regulatory or Novartis
standards, including, for example, Current Good Manu-
facturing Practices (CGMP) or cGCP standards, which
can be costly and time-consuming to remediate. Further-
more, our strategic alliances and collaborations with third
parties may not achieve their intended goals and objec-
tives within expected time frames, or at all.

Similarly, we cannot ensure that we will be able to
successfully divest or spin off businesses or other assets
that we have identified for this purpose, or that any com-
pleted divestment or spin-off will achieve the expected
strategic benefits, operational efficiencies or opportuni-
ties, or that the divestment or spin-off will ultimately max-
imize shareholder value.

Intellectual property

Risk description
Expiry, assertion or loss of intellectual property protec-
tion

Context and potential impact

Many products of our Innovative Medicines Division are
protected by intellectual property rights, which may pro-
vide us with exclusive rights to market those products
for a limited time, and to enable our purpose of reimag-
ining medicine by sustainably financing our research and
development. However, the strength and duration of
those rights can vary significantly from product to prod-
uct and from country to country, and they may be suc-
cessfully challenged by third parties or governmental
authorities.

Loss of intellectual property protection and the intro-
duction of generic or biosimilar competition for a pat-
ented branded medicine in a country typically result ina
significant and rapid reduction in net sales and operat-
ing income for the branded product. Such competition
can occur after successful challenges to intellectual
property rights or the regular expiration of the patent
term or other intellectual property rights. Such compe-
tition can also result from the entry of generic or biosim-
ilar versions of another medicine in the same therapeu-
tic class as one of our drugs or in a competing
therapeutic class, from a Declaration of Public Interest
or the compulsory licensing of our intellectual property
by governmental authorities, or as a result of a general
weakening of intellectual property and governing laws in
certain countries around the world. In addition, generic
or biosimilar manufacturers may sometimes conduct
so-called “launches at risk” of products that are still
under legal challenge for infringement, or whose patents
are still under legal challenge for validity, before final res-
olution of legal proceedings.

We also rely in all aspects of our businesses on unpat-
ented proprietary technology, know-how, trade secrets,


--- Page 4 ---

Item 3. Key Information

and other confidential information, which we seek to pro-
tect through various measures, including confidentiality
agreements with licensees, employees, third-party col-
laborators and consultants who may have had access to
such information. If these agreements are breached or
our other protective measures should fail, then our con-
tractual or other remedies may not be adequate to cover
our losses.

We may also be subject to assertions of intellectual
property rights against our innovative medicines by third
parties. If successful, these actions may involve payment
of future royalties or damages, for example for patent
infringement, and may also involve injunctive relief requir-
ing the removal of one or more dosage strengths of a
product from the market (or removal of a therapeutic
indication from the product's approved labeling) for some
period of time or throughout the life of the asserted intel-
lectual property right. Such damages or such an injunc-
tion may have a material impact on our operating income
and net sales.

In any given year, we may experience a potentially
significant impact on our net sales from products that
have already lost intellectual property protections, as
well as products that may lose protection during the year.
Because we may have substantially reduced marketing
and research and development expenses related to
products that are in their final years of exclusivity, the
initial loss of protection for a product during a given year
could also have an impact on our operating income for
that year in an amount corresponding to a significant
portion of the product’s lost sales. The magnitude of the
impact of generic or biosimilar competition on our income
could depend on a number of factors. These include,
with respect to income in a given year, the time of year
at which the generic or biosimilar competitor is launched;
the ease or difficulty of manufacturing a competitor prod-
uct and obtaining regulatory approval to market it; the
number of generic or biosimilar competitor products
approved, including whether, in the US, a single compet-
itor is granted an exclusive marketing period; whether an
authorized generic is launched; the geographies in which
generic or biosimilar competitor products are approved,
including the strength of the market for generic or bio-
similar pharmaceutical products in such geographies,
and the comparative profitability of branded pharmaceu-
tical products in such geographies; and our ability to suc-
cessfully develop and launch new products for patients
that may also offset the income lost to generic or bio-
similar competition. For more information on the patent
and generic competition status of our Innovative
Medicines Division products, see “Item 4. Information on
the Company—lItem 4.B Business overview—Innovative
Medicines—Intellectual property.”

Strategic transformations

Risk description

Failure to meet organizational transformation programs
objectives and/or unintended adverse impacts on our
business

12

Context and potential impact

From time to time, we reassess our business organiza-
tion to ensure we have the optimal structure with which
to execute our strategy. In April 2022, we announced a
new organizational structure and operating model
designed to support our innovation, growth, and produc-
tivity ambitions as a focused medicines company. See
“Item 4. Information on the Company—lItem 4.B Over-
view.”

In addition, in October 2021 we announced the com-
mencement of a strategic review of our Sandoz Division.
After exploring all options, ranging from retaining the
business to separation, on August 25, 2022, we
announced our intention to separate our Sandoz Division
into a new publicly traded standalone company, by way
of a 100% spin-off in order to maximize shareholder
value. See “Item 4. Information on the Company—Item
4.B Sandoz.”

Our inability to successfully implement our new orga-
nizational structure and operating model or to success-
fully complete the spin-off of our Sandoz Division could
have a material adverse effect on the success of the
Group as a whole, and could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condi-
tion. The overall extent and pace of these organizational
changes, and the additional workload and complexity for
our employees in some areas, could trigger uncertainty,
stress and fatigue among employees, potentially result-
ing in instability within the organization that could lead
to failure of these organizational changes to succeed or
to achieve the desired benefits. As aresult, the expected
benefits of these organizational changes may never be
fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected.

Environmental, social and governance matters

Risk description
Failure to meet environmental, social and governance
expectations

Context and potential impact
Increasingly, in addition to financial results, companies
are being judged by performance on a variety of envi-
ronmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, which
can contribute to the long-term sustainability of our com-
pany’s performance. An inability to successfully perform
on ESG matters and to meet societal expectations can
result in negative impacts on our recruitment, retention,
operations, financial results, reputation, and share price.
Topics related to large societal changes such as
social inequity, access to medicines and climate change
are increasingly important to a wide range of our stake-
holders. For example, a variety of organizations measure
the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the
results of these assessments are widely publicized. In
addition, investments in funds that specialize in compa-
nies that perform well in such assessments are increas-
ingly popular, and major institutional investors have pub-
licly emphasized the importance of such ESG measures
in making their investment decisions. Our actions related


--- Page 5 ---

Item 3. Key Information

to ESG topics may in the long-term therefore impact our
operations and ability to achieve our strategic goals, and
ultimately could have a potential negative impact on the
value of Novartis. For this reason, the role of our Board
of Directors and executive officers in supervising various
sustainability issues is becoming increasingly important.

We actively manage a broad range of ESG matters,
taking into consideration their expected impact on the
sustainability of our business over time, and the poten-
tial impact of our business on society and the environ-
ment. We have created a Sustainability & ESG Office,
which, in coordination with the ESG Committee of the
Executive Committee of Novartis, is tasked with devel-
oping our ESG strategy and tracking our performance
against our ESG targets. However, considering investors’
increasing focus on ESG matters, the fast pace of change
of external expectations, and a range of upcoming reg-
ulations, there can be no certainty that we will manage
such issues successfully, that the ESG standards we cur-
rently use to measure our performance against will
remain the same, or that we will successfully meet soci-
ety or investors’ expectations.

Operational risks
Cybersecurity and IT systems

Risk description
Cybersecurity breaches, dataloss and catastrophic loss
of IT systems

Context and potential impact

We are heavily dependent on critical, complex and inter-
dependent information technology (IT) systems, includ-
ing internet-based systems to support our business pro-
cesses. We have also outsourced significant parts of our
IT infrastructure to third-party providers, and we cur-
rently use these providers to perform business-critical
IT services for us. We are therefore vulnerable to cyber-
security attacks and incidents on such networks and
systems, whether our own or those of the third-party
providers we contract, and we have experienced and
may in the future experience such cybersecurity threats
and attacks. Cybersecurity threats and attacks take
many forms, and the size, age and complexity of our IT
systems make them potentially vulnerable to external
and internal security threats; outages; malicious intru-
sions and attacks; cybercrimes, including state-spon-
sored cybercrimes; malware; misplaced data, lost data
or data errors; programming or human errors; or other
similar events. In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic,
the risk of such threats and attacks has increased, as
virtual and remote working has become more widely
used, and sensitive data is accessed by employees work-
ing in less secure, home-based environments. In addi-
tion, due to our reliance on third-party providers, we have
experienced and may in the future experience interrup-
tions, delays or outages in IT service availability due to
avariety of factors outside of our control, including tech-
nical failures, natural disasters, fraud, or security attacks
experienced by or caused by third-party providers. Inter-
ruptions in the service provided by these third parties
could affect our ability to perform critical tasks.

13

Asignificant information security or other event, such
as a disruption or loss of availability of one or more of
our IT systems, whether managed by us or a third-party
service provider, has previously and could in the future
negatively impact important business processes, such
as the conduct of scientific research and clinical trials,
the submission of data and information to health author-
ities, our manufacturing and supply chain processes, our
shipments to customers, our compliance with legal obli-
gations, and communication between employees and
with third parties. IT issues have previously led to, and
could in the future lead to, the compromise of trade
secrets or other intellectual property that could be sold
and used by competitors to accelerate the development
or manufacturing of competing products; to the compro-
mise of personal financial and health information; and to
the compromise of IT security data such as usernames,
passwords and encryption keys, as well as security strat-
egies and information about network infrastructure,
which could allow unauthorized parties to gain access
to additional systems or data. In addition, malfunctions
in software or medical devices that make significant use
of IT could lead to a risk of direct harm to patients.

Although we have experienced some of the events
described above, to date they have not had a material
impact on our operations. Nonetheless, the occurrence
of any of the events described above in the future could
disrupt our business operations and result in enforce-
ment actions or liability, including potential government
fines and penalties, claims for damages, and shareholder
litigation or allegations that the public health, or the
health of individuals, has been harmed.

Any significant events of this type could require us to
expend significant resources beyond those we already
invest to remediate any damage, to further modify or
enhance our protective measures, and to enable the con-
tinuity of our business.

Fragmented IT landscape and strategic technology
programs implementation

Risk description

Failure to address fragmented business processes,
unclear data ownership, and IT applications and infra-
structure nearing their end-of-life, may disrupt our core
business processes

Context and potential impact

We rely on various IT systems to operate our complex
global business. Historically, while highly overlapping
data strategy and architectural needs exist across our
businesses, in the past we built distinct solutions across
both prior business units and our various geographies,
which have led to a fragmented and complex landscape
of IT systems. Additionally, several of our current IT sys-
tems are reaching the end of their useful life, which,
together with our fragmented IT landscape, may cause
disruptions to our operational stability. As a result, we
started to implement several companywide IT programs
with a view toward replacing and consolidating outdated
IT systems. For example, we have completed the con-
ceptual design phase and started to build a new global
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that seeks
to simplify, standardize and digitize processes in our


--- Page 6 ---

Item 3. Key Information

commercial, finance and operations functions, thereby
helping to ensure efficient and compliant business oper-
ations across our businesses and geographies, as well
as the availability of high-quality data necessary to aid
our decision-making. We expect the first implementation
of our new ERP system to begin in the first quarter of
2024, with full implementation by 2028. In addition, we
are also implementing other IT projects, seeking to sim-
plify and standardize our processes, systems and tools,
and create a unified data marketplace. Implementation
and operation of the new ERP system and other IT proj-
ects involves certain risks, including a failure of the new
ERP system and other IT projects to operate as expected,
a failure to properly integrate with other systems we use,
potential loss of data or information, compliance issues,
or cost overruns and delays. Any disruptions or malfunc-
tions of the new ERP system and other IT projects could
cause Critical information to be delayed, lost, defective,
corrupted, or rendered inadequate or inaccessible,
which could negatively impact our operations and the
effectiveness of our internal controls.

Talent management

Risk description
Inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified individ-
uals in key roles and markets

Context and potential impact

We rely on attracting and retaining a diverse, highly
skilled workforce across our businesses and functions
to achieve our business objectives. If we are unable to
sustain our supply of key personnel - including senior
members of our scientific and management teams,
high-quality researchers and development specialists
and skilled employees in key markets - our ability to
achieve our major business objectives may be adversely
affected. In addition, our brand and reputation could be
negatively impacted, and the diversity of our workforce
may decline.

The market for skilled talent has become increasingly
competitive, and we anticipate this trend will persist long-
term. We face a challenge to attract and retain top tal-
ent in several areas, including biology, chemistry, clinical
development, drug manufacturing, IT, oncology, and
advanced therapy platforms (i.e., gene and cell therapy,
radioligand therapy and “xRNA’). In addition, many bio-
technology companies have received significant inflows
of capital and are not only competing with us to attract
the same skilled talent but are also aggressively pursu-
ing our experienced talent.

In recent years, we have adopted new ways of work-
ing that include location flexibility and increasingly
recruiting from a global pool of talent. However, the suc-
cess of our business continues to depend on having
employees who possess local knowledge of, and expe-
rience in, our key markets. The external talent supply is
especially limited in many of the geographies that are
expected to be sources of growth for Novartis. In the
United States, China and several other markets, the geo-
graphic mobility of talent is decreasing, as they find
ample career opportunities available closer to home.

In addition, in April 2022 we announced a new, inte-
grated organizational structure and operating model. The

14

corporate reorganization undertaken to implement this
new organizational structure has resulted in significant
redundancies and senior leadership changes that may
reduce morale, increase employee distraction and
prompt higher voluntary turnover, any of which could
negatively impact our competitiveness and ability to
achieve strategic objectives. For more information on
this new organizational structure see “Item 4. Informa-
tion on the Company—Item 4.B Overview.”

The risks associated with the challenging external
talent market and the implementation of our new orga-
nizational structure will be exacerbated if we are unable
to retain and effectively develop employees and main-
tain an internal pipeline with critical skills, experiences,
and leadership to deliver our business priorities. As a
result, development, engagement, motivation, succes-
sion planning and performance rewards for our critical
talent are essential to achieve our business priorities.

Third-party management

Risk description

Failure to maintain adequate governance and oversight
over third-party relationships, and failure of third parties
to meet their contractual, regulatory or other obligations

Context and potential impact

We outsource the performance of certain key business
functions and services to third parties. Such activities
include research and development collaborations, man-
ufacturing operations, warehousing and distribution, cer-
tain finance functions, sales and marketing activities,
data management and others. Some third parties, par-
ticularly those in developing countries, do not have inter-
nal compliance systems or resources comparable to
those of Novartis. As a result, our investment and efforts
in relation to third party management include focusing
on risk management and the oversight of such third par-
ties.

Our reliance on third parties poses certain risks,
including the misappropriation of our intellectual prop-
erty, the failure of the third party to comply with regula-
tory and quality assurance requirements, the failure of
the third party to comply with environmental, anti-brib-
ery and human rights standards and regulations, unex-
pected supply disruptions, breach of our agreement by
the third party, and the unexpected termination or non-
renewal of our agreement by the third party.

In addition, governments require, and the public
expects, Novartis to take responsibility for and report on
compliance with various human rights, responsible
sourcing and environmental practices, as well as other
actions of our third-party contractors around the world.

Ultimately, if third parties fail to meet their obligations
to us, we may lose our investment in the relationship with
the third parties or fail to receive the expected benefits
of our agreements with such third parties. In addition,
should any of these third parties fail to comply with the
law or our standards, or should they otherwise act inap-
propriately while performing services for us, there is a
risk that we could be held responsible for their acts, that
our reputation may suffer, and that penalties may be
imposed on us.


--- Page 7 ---

Item 3. Key Information

Legal, ethics and compliance

Risk description

Challenges posed by evolving legal and regulatory
requirements and societal expectations regarding ethi-
cal behavior

Context and potential impact

We must comply with the laws of all countries in which
we operate, and we sell products with respect to a wide
and growing range of activities. Such legal requirements
are extensive and complex.

The laws and regulations relevant to the healthcare
industry and applicable to us are broad in scope, are sub-
ject to change, and have evolving interpretations, which
could require us to incur substantial costs associated
with compliance or to alter one or more of our business
practices. For example, we have been, are currently, and
may in the future be, subject to various significant legal
proceedings, such as private party litigation, government
investigations and law enforcement actions worldwide.
These types of matters may take various forms based
on evolving government enforcement and private party
litigation priorities, and could include, for example, mat-
ters pertaining to pricing; bribery and corruption; trade
regulation and embargo legislation; product liability;
commercial disputes; employment and wrongful dis-
charge; antitrust and competition; securities; govern-
ment benefit programs; reimbursement; rebates; health-
care fraud; sales and marketing practices; insider trading;
occupational health and safety; environmental regula-
tions; tax; cybersecurity; data privacy; regulatory inter-
actions; and intellectual property. Such matters can
involve civil and/or criminal proceedings and can retro-
actively challenge practices previously considered to be
legal.

There is also a risk that governance for our medical
and patient support activities, and our interactions with
governments, public officials/institutions, healthcare
professionals, healthcare organizations and patient
organizations may be inadequate or fail, or that we may
undertake activities based on improper or inadequate
scientific justification.

Our Sandoz Division may from time to time seek
approval to market a generic version of a product before
the expiration of patents claimed by the marketer of the
patented product. We do this in cases in which we believe
the relevant patents are invalid or unenforceable, or
would not be infringed by our generic product. As aresult,
affiliates of our Sandoz Division frequently face patent
litigation, and in certain circumstances we may make the
business decision to market a generic product even
though patent infringement actions are still pending.
Should we elect to do so and conduct a so-called “launch
at risk,” we could face substantial damages if the final
court decision is adverse to us.

Legal proceedings and investigations are inherently
unpredictable, and large judgments sometimes occur.
Consequently, we may in the future incur judgments that
could involve large payments, including the potential
repayment of amounts allegedly obtained improperly,
and other penalties, including treble damages. In addi-
tion, such legal proceedings and investigations, even if
meritless, may affect our reputation, may create a risk of

15

potential exclusion from government reimbursement
programs in the US and other countries, and may lead
to civil litigation and/or criminal exposure. As a result,
having considered all relevant factors, we have in the
past and may again in the future enter into major settle-
ments of such claims without bringing them to final legal
adjudication by courts or other such bodies, despite hav-
ing potentially significant defenses against them, to limit
the risks they pose to our business and reputation. Such
settlements may require us to pay significant sums of
money and to enter into corporate integrity or similar
agreements, which are intended to regulate company
behavior for extended periods.

For information on significant legal matters pending
against us, see “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 20.
Provisions and other non-current liabilities” and “Item 18.
Financial Statements—Note 28. Commitments and con-
tingent liabilities.”

New requirements may also be imposed on us due
to changing government and societal expectations
regarding the healthcare industry, and acceptable cor-
porate behavior generally. For example, we are faced
with laws and regulations requiring changes in how we
do business, including with respect to disclosures con-
cerning our interactions with healthcare professionals,
healthcare organizations and patient organizations.
These laws and regulations include requirements that
we disclose payments or other transfers of value made
to healthcare professionals and organizations, as well as
information relating to the costs and prices for our prod-
ucts, which represent evolving standards of acceptable
corporate behavior. These requirements may incur sig-
nificant costs, including substantial time and additional
resources, that are necessary to bring our interactions
with healthcare professionals and organizations into
compliance with these evolving standards.

In addition to legal and regulatory requirements, we
aim to meet the evolving societal expectations of the
public and our investors regarding ethical behavior and
the increasing importance placed on ESG matters.

To support our efforts to comply with the many
requirements that impact us, we have a significant global
ethics and compliance program in place, and we devote
substantial time and resources to efforts to ensure that
we conduct business in a lawful manner, and in line with
society’s expectations. Despite our efforts, an actual or
alleged failure to comply with the law or with heightened
public expectations could lead to substantial liabilities
that may not be covered by insurance, or to other signif-
icant losses.

Manufacturing and product quality

Risk description

Inability to ensure proper controls in product develop-
ment and product manufacturing, and failure to comply
with applicable regulations and standards

Context and potential impact

The development and manufacture of our products is
complex and heavily regulated by governmental health
authorities around the world. Whether or not our prod-
ucts and the related raw materials are developed and
manufactured at our own manufacturing sites or by third


--- Page 8 ---

Item 3. Key Information

parties, we must ensure that all development and man-
ufacturing processes comply with regulatory require-
ments, as well as our own quality standards in order to
deliver novel therapies to patients with unmet needs
while ensuring patient safety. Failure to comply with reg-
ulatory requirements has resulted in, and may in the
future result in, warning letters, suspension of manufac-
turing, seizure of products, injunctions, product recalls,
failure to secure product approvals, or debarment.

In recent years, global health authorities have sub-
stantially intensified their scrutiny of manufacturers’
compliance with regulatory requirements. Any significant
failure by us or our third-party suppliers to comply with
regulatory requirements, or with health authorities’
expectations, may create the need to suspend clinical
trials, shut down production facilities or production lines,
and recall commercial products. A failure to fully comply
with regulatory requirements could also lead to a delay
in the approval of new products, an inability to ship or
import our products, and significant penalties and repu-
tational harm.

In addition, the technically complex manufacturing
processes required to manufacture many of our prod-
ucts increase the risk of both production failures and
product recalls and can increase the cost of producing
our goods. Some of our products require a supply of
highly specialized raw materials, such as cell lines, tis-
sue samples, bacteria, viral strains and radioisotopes. In
addition, we manufacture and sell a number of sterile
products, biologic products and products that involve
advanced therapy platforms, such as CAR-T therapies,
gene therapies and radioligand therapy products, all of
which are particularly complex and involve highly spe-
cialized manufacturing technologies. As a result, even
slight deviations at any point in their production pro-
cesses or in material used have led to, and may in the
future lead to, production failures or recalls. See “Item
4. Information on the Company-—Item 4.B. Business over-
view—Sandoz—Production.”

Supply chain

Risk description
Inability to maintain continuity of product supply

Context and potential impact

Many of our products are produced using technically
complex manufacturing processes and require a supply
of highly specialized raw materials. For some of our prod-
ucts and raw materials, we may rely on a single source
of supply. In addition, we manufacture and sell a number
of sterile products, biologic products, and products that
involve advanced therapy platforms, such as gene and
cell therapy, radioligand therapy, and “xRNA’”, all of which
are particularly complex and involve highly specialized
manufacturing technologies. Due to this complexity,
there is a risk of production and supply of critical raw
materials failures, which may result in supply interrup-
tions or product recalls due to manufactured products
not meeting required specifications.

In addition, due to the inherent complexities of our
manufacturing processes and the supply chains for
advanced therapy platforms, we are required to plan our
production activities and purchase of materials well in

16

advance. If we suffer from third-party raw material short-
ages, underestimate market demand for a product, or
fail to accurately predict when a new product will be
approved for sale, then we may not be able to produce
sufficient product to meet demand. These issues could
be made worse during a pandemic, such as the COVID-
19 pandemic, or geopolitical events, such as_ the war in
Ukraine, and could lead to (i) a sudden increase in
demand for selected medicinal products, resulting in the
short-term unavailability of critical materials; (ii) logisti-
cal and supply challenges that may lead to our inability
to ship products from one place to another due to restric-
tions imposed as a result of a pandemic or geopolitical
events and any related sanctions, which can also impact
transportation and warehousing costs; or (iii) our inabil-
ity to properly operate a manufacturing site due to restric-
tions imposed as the result of a pandemic or any issues
arising from geopolitical events.

Our or our third-party suppliers’ inability to manage
such issues could lead to shutdowns, product shortages,
or to us being entirely unable to supply products to
patients for an extended period of time. Furthermore, as
our products are intended to promote the health of
patients, such shortages or shutdowns could endanger
our reputation and have led to, and could continue to lead
to, significant losses of sales revenue, potential litigation
or allegations that the public health, or the health of indi-
viduals, has been harmed.

Data privacy

Risk description
Noncompliance with personal data protection laws and
regulations

Context and potential impact

We operate in an environment that relies on the collec-
tion, processing, analysis and interpretation of large sets
of patients and other individuals’ personal information,
including via social media and mobile technologies. In
addition, the operation of our business requires data to
flow across the borders of numerous countries in which
there are different, potentially conflicting, and frequently
changing, data privacy laws in effect. Examples of such
laws include: the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), which took effect in May 2018; the California
Consumer Privacy Act, which took effect in January
2020; Brazil’s General Personal Data Protection Law,
which entered into force in September 2020; and the
Personal Information Protection Law in China, which took
effect in November 2021. Such laws impose stringent
requirements on how we and third parties with whom we
contract collect, share, export or otherwise process per-
sonal information, and provide for significant penalties
for noncompliance. Breaches of our systems or those of
our third-party contractors, or other failures to protect
the data we collect from misuse or breach by third par-
ties, could expose such personal information to unau-
thorized persons.

Events involving the substantial loss of personal infor-
mation, use of personal information without a legal basis,
or other privacy violations could give rise to significant
liability, reputational harm, damaged relationships with
business partners, and potentially substantial monetary


--- Page 9 ---

Item 3. Key Information

penalties and other sanctions under laws enacted or
being enacted around the world. Such events could also
lead to restrictions on our ability to use personal infor-
mation and/or transfer personal information across
country borders. In addition, there is a trend of increas-
ing divergence of data privacy legal frameworks, not only
across these frameworks but also within individual legal
frameworks themselves. This divergence may constrain
the implementation of global business processes and
may lead to different approaches on the use of health
data for scientific research, which may have a negative
impact on our business and operations.

Falsified medicines

Risk description
Impact of falsified medicines on patient safety, and rep-
utational and financial harm to Novartis and our products

Context and potential impact
We continue to be challenged by the vulnerability of dis-
tribution channels to falsified medicines, which include
counterfeit, stolen, tampered and illegally diverted
medicines as defined by the World Health Organization.
Falsified medicines pose patient safety risks and can
be seriously harmful or life-threatening. Reports of
adverse events related to falsified medicines and
increased levels of falsified medicines in the healthcare
system affect patient confidence in genuine medicines
and in healthcare systems in general. These events could
also cause us substantial reputational and financial harm,
and potentially lead to litigation if the adverse event from
the falsified medicine is mistakenly attributed to the gen-
uine one. Stolen or illegally diverted medicines that are
not properly stored and later sold through unauthorized
channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our rep-
utation and our business. Furthermore, there is a direct
financial loss when, for example, falsified medicines
replace sales of genuine medicines, or genuine medicines
are recalled following the discovery of falsified products.

Emerging risks
Geopolitical developments

Risk description
Impact of geo- and socio-political threats

Context and potential impact

Challenging political conditions currently exist in various
parts of the world, including an economic downturn; risk
of direct conflicts between nations, such as the war in
Ukraine; a global pandemic; resistance in certain areas
against free trade; anti-corporate sentiment; and social
unrest.

The imposition of tariffs, including those imposed by
the US and China, and the possibility of additional tariffs
or other trade restrictions relating to trade could have a
material negative impact on our business. Given that the
outcome of ongoing trade negotiations remains uncer-
tain, we cannot yet determine the nature or extent of the
potential impact on our business. For example, if tariffs
on pharmaceutical products or active pharmaceutical

17

ingredients (APIs) were increased, this could impact the
profitability of our products and disrupt our supply chain.
Increasing opposition to free trade may increase the
risks we face in our efforts to improve and harmonize
standards in regulation and intellectual property.
Furthermore, significant conflicts continue in certain
parts of the world. Collectively, such unstable conditions
could, among other things, disturb the international flow
of goods and increase the costs and difficulties of inter-
national transactions, which could in turn significantly
impact time to market and our ability to supply our prod-
ucts to patients in an undisrupted fashion, and further
erode reimbursement levels for innovative therapies.

Macroeconomic developments

Risk description
Impact of macroeconomic developments

Context and potential impact

Our business may be impacted by deteriorating macro-
economic and financial conditions directly affecting con-
sumers. Given that patients, in many countries, directly
pay a sizable portion of their own healthcare costs, there
is a risk that consumers may cut back on prescription
drugs due to financial constraints.

Negative macroeconomic developments may also
adversely affect the ability of payers, as well as our dis-
tributors, customers, suppliers, and service providers, to
pay for our products, or otherwise to buy necessary
inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obliga-
tions under agreements with us. Although we make
efforts to monitor the financial condition and liquidity of
these third parties, our ability to do sois limited, and some
of them may become unable to pay their bills in a timely
manner or may even become insolvent. These risks may
be elevated with respect to our interactions with fiscally
challenged government payers, or with third parties with
substantial exposure to such payers.

At the same time, significant changes, and potential
future volatility in financial markets, the consumer and
business environment, the competitive landscape, and
the global political and security landscape make it
increasingly difficult for us to predict our revenues and
earnings. As a result, any revenue or earnings guidance
or outlook that we have given or might give may be over-
taken by events or may otherwise prove to be inaccu-
rate. Although we endeavor to give reasonable estimates
of future revenues and earnings at the time at which we
give such guidance, based on then-current knowledge
and conditions, there is a risk that such guidance or out-
look will prove to be incorrect.

Asset price corrections in financial markets may also
result in lower returns on our financial investments. In
addition, pricing pressures in developed markets result-
ing from efforts to reduce the cost of healthcare (e.g.,
the Inflation Reduction Act in the US, which targets drug
prices) may have a negative impact on our revenue and
our net sales. In addition, inflation has an impact on our
operating costs due to the increased cost of supplies.
Higher costs for energy, raw materials, wages, and cap-
ital will increase our operating costs, potentially reduc-
ing our net sales.


--- Page 10 ---

Item 3. Key Information

Uncertainties around future central bank and other
economic policies in the US and EU, as well as high debt
levels in some countries could also impact world trade.
Sudden increases in economic, currency or financial
market volatility in different countries, such as the recent
appreciation of the US dollar, have also impacted, and
may continue to have an unpredictable impact on our
business, or results of operations, including the conver-
sion of our operating results into our reporting currency,
the US dollar, as well as the value of our investments in
our pension plans.

For a discussion on the effect of price controls on
our business, see “Item 4. Information on the Company—
Item 4.B—Business overview—Innovative Medicines—
Price controls.” See also “Item 5. Operating and Finan-
cial Review and Prospects—ltem 5.B Liquidity and
capital resources—Effects of currency fluctuations,”
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—
Item 5.B Liquidity and capital resources—Condensed
consolidated balance sheets,” “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 15. Trade receivables” and “Item 18. Finan-
cial Statements—Note 29. Financial instruments - addi-
tional disclosures.”

Climate change

Risk description
Impact of climate change and increased risk of major
natural disasters

Context and potential impact
Novartis is exposed to a broad range of climate risks
such as transition risks (e.g., regulatory frameworks, car-
bon pricing, and the cost of and access to capital) and
physical risks (e.g., heat, water scarcity, sea level rise,
and flooding from severe weather events), which could
vary in magnitude and impact across different countries.

Climate change has triggered, and may continue to
trigger, the adoption of new regulatory requirements
across the globe. To comply with such legislation, we
may be required to increase our investment in technol-
ogy to reduce our energy use, water use and greenhouse
gas emissions. In addition, legislative and regulatory
action, both current and in the future, includes or could
include carbon pricing, climate risk related disclosures,
and changes in zoning or building codes to increase cli-
mate resilience. As a result, the combined impact of
these transition risks could increase our direct operat-
ing costs and impact our supply chain. We have also com-
mitted to incorporating the recommendations of the Task
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
framework into our business, which includes providing
qualitative and quantitative disclosures on climate-re-
lated topics on a recurring basis. As a result of these
transition risks, we are committed to becoming carbon
neutral in our own operations by 2025, and carbon neu-
tral across our value chain by 2030. In addition, we are
committed to achieving net zero across our value chain
by 2040. Any failure to achieve these commitments in
the expected time frame, or at all, could result in nega-
tive impacts on our reputation, our operations, and the
price of our shares.

Climate change has created, and will continue to
create, physical risks to our business. Some of our

18

production facilities that depend on the availability of sig-
nificant water supplies are located in areas where water
is increasingly scarce. Other facilities are located in
areas that, due to increasingly violent weather events,
rising sea levels, or both, are increasingly at risk of sub-
stantial flooding. In regions where such a risk is present,
this has an impact not only on our own operations but
also our distributed supply chain. Such events may result
in the loss of life, increased costs, business interruptions,
destruction of facilities, and disruption to healthcare sys-
tems that patients use to access our medicines.

Furthermore, our corporate headquarters, the head-
quarters of our Innovative Medicines and Sandoz Divi-
sions, and anumber of major Innovative Medicines Divi-
sion production and research facilities are located near
earthquake fault lines in Basel, Switzerland. Other major
facilities are located near major earthquake fault lines in
various locations around the world. A major earthquake
could result in loss of life, business interruptions and the
destruction of our facilities.

Tax laws and developments

Risk description
Changes in tax laws or their application

Context and potential impact

Our multinational operations are taxed under the laws
of the countries and other jurisdictions in which we oper-
ate. Changes in tax laws or in their application could lead
to an increased risk of international tax disputes and an
increase in our effective tax rate, which could adversely
affect our financial results. The integrated nature of our
worldwide operations can produce conflicting claims
from revenue authorities in different countries as to the
profits to be taxed in the individual countries, including
potential disputes relating to the prices our subsidiaries
charge one another for intercompany transactions,
known as transfer pricing. Most of the jurisdictions in
which we operate have double tax treaties with other
foreign jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mit-
igating the impact of double taxation on our revenues
and capital gains. However, mechanisms developed to
resolve such conflicting claims are largely untried and
can be expected to be very lengthy. Accruals for tax con-
tingencies are made based on experience, interpreta-
tions of tax law, and judgments about potential actions
by tax authorities. However, due to the complexity of tax
contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matter
may result in payments materially different from the
amounts accrued.

In 2019, the Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development (OECD) launched a new initiative on
behalf of the G20 to minimize profit shifting by working
toward a global tax framework that ensures that corpo-
rate income taxes are paid where consumption takes
place, in addition to introducing a global standard on min-
imum taxation combined with new tax dispute resolution
processes. This project achieved OECD political con-
sensus in October 2021, and the detailed principles are
still under discussion by the OECD and political leaders.
The OECD expects that the implementation of these new
principles will begin globally in 2024. Once changes to
the tax laws in any jurisdiction in which the Group


--- Page 11 ---

Item 3. Key Information

operates are enacted or substantially enacted, the Group
may be subject to the OECD top-up tax, the aim of which
is to bring the total amount of taxes paid on our profit in
a jurisdiction up to a minimum rate of 15%. In 2020, the
EU announced that it would introduce new centralized
taxation powers (which have not yet been introduced) to
address the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In addition, the European Commission continues to
extend the application of its policies seeking to limit fis-
cal aid by member states to particular companies,
together with the related investigation into member
states’ practices regarding the issuance of rulings on tax
matters relating to individual companies. Although we
have taken steps to comply with evolving initiatives such
as these of the OECD and the EU, and we will continue
to do so, significant uncertainties remain as to the out-
come of our efforts. For more information, see “Item 18.
Financial Statements—Note 6. Income taxes” and “Item
18. Financial Statements—Note 12. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities.”

General risks
Indebtedness

Risk description
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our operations

Context and potential impact

As of December 31, 2022, we had USD 20.2 billion of
non-current financial debt, and USD 5.9 billion of current
financial debt. Our current and long-term debt requires
us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow to service inter-
est and principal payments and, if interest rates rise, this
amount may increase. As a result, our existing debt may
limit our ability to use our cash flow to fund capital expen-
ditures, to engage in transactions, or to meet other cap-
ital needs, or otherwise may place us at a competitive
disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt.
Our debt could also limit our flexibility to plan for and
react to changes in our business or industry, and increase
our vulnerability to general adverse economic and indus-
try conditions, including changes in interest rates or a
downturn in our business or the economy. We may also
have difficulty refinancing our existing debt or incurring
new debt on terms that we would consider to be com-
mercially reasonable, if at all.

Goodwill and intangible assets

Risk description
Goodwill and intangible assets resulting in significant
impairment charges

Context and potential impact

We carry a significant amount of goodwill and other
intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet,
including, in particular, substantial goodwill and other
intangible assets obtained through acquisitions, includ-
ing most recently through our acquisitions of Gyroscope
Therapeutics, The Medicines Company, Xiidra, Endo-
cyte, Novartis Gene Therapies, and AAA. As a result, we
may incur significant impairment charges in the future if

19

the fair value of the intangible assets and the groupings
of cash-generating units containing goodwill would be
less than their carrying value on the Group’s consolidated
balance sheet at any point in time.

We regularly review our intangible and tangible assets
for impairment, including identifiable intangible assets
and goodwill. Any significant impairment charges could
have a material adverse effect on our results of opera-
tions and financial condition. In 2022, for example, we
recorded intangible asset impairment charges of USD
1.3 billion.

For a detailed discussion of how we determine
whether an impairment has occurred, what factors could
result in an impairment, and the impact of impairment
charges on our results of operations, see Item 18. Finan-
cial Statements—Note 1. Significant accounting policies”
and “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 11. Goodwill
and intangible assets.”

Foreign currency exchange rates

Risk description
Negative effect on financial results due to foreign cur-
rency exchange rate fluctuations

Context and potential impact

Changes in exchange rates between the US dollar, our
reporting currency, and other currencies can result in
significant increases or decreases in our reported sales,
costs and earnings as expressed in US dollars, and in
the reported value of our assets, liabilities and cash flows.

In addition to ordinary market risk, there is a risk that
countries could take affirmative steps that could signifi-
cantly impact the value of their currencies. Such steps
could include “quantitative easing” measures and poten-
tial withdrawals by countries from common currencies.
In addition, countries facing local financial difficulties,
including countries experiencing high inflation rates, and
highly indebted countries facing large capital outflows,
may impose controls on the exchange of foreign cur-
rency. Currency exchange controls and sanctions could
limit our ability to distribute retained earnings from our
local affiliates, or to pay intercompany payables due from
those countries.

Despite measures undertaken to reduce or hedge
against foreign currency exchange risks, as a significant
portion of our earnings and expenditures are in curren-
cies other than the US dollar, including expenditures in
Swiss francs that are significantly higher than our reve-
nue in Swiss francs, any such exchange rate volatility
may negatively and materially impact our results of oper-
ations and financial condition, and may impact the
reported value of our net sales, earnings, assets and lia-
bilities. In addition, the timing and extent of such volatil-
ity can be difficult to predict. Furthermore, depending on
the movements of particular foreign exchange rates, we
may be materially adversely affected at a time when the
same currency movements are benefiting some of our
competitors.

For more information on the effects of currency fluc-
tuations on our consolidated financial statements and
on how we manage currency risk, see “Item 5. Operat-
ing and Financial Review and Prospects—ltem 5.B Liquid-
ity and capital resources—Effects of currency


--- Page 12 ---

Item 3. Key Information

fluctuations” and “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note
29. Financial instruments - additional disclosures.”

Key customers

Risk description
Ongoing consolidation among our distributors and retail-
ers, and the concentration of credit risk

Context and potential impact

A significant portion of our global sales is made to a rel-
atively small number of drug wholesalers, retail chains
and other purchasing organizations. For example, our
three most important customers globally accounted for
approximately 16%, 11% and 7%, respectively, of net sales
in 2022. The largest trade receivables outstanding were
for these three customers, amounting to 16%, 14% and
7%, respectively, of the Group’s trade receivables at
December 31, 2022. The trend has been toward further
consolidation among some distributors and retailers. As
a result, we may be affected by fluctuations in the buy-
ing patterns of such customers. Furthermore, these cus-
tomers are gaining additional purchasing leverage,
increasing the pricing pressures facing our businesses.
These pressures can impact our Sandoz Division in par-
ticular, the generic products of which can often be
obtained from numerous competitors. Moreover, we are
exposed to a concentration of credit risk as a result of
this concentration among our customers. If one or more
of our major customers experienced financial difficulties,
the effect on us would be substantial, and could include
a substantial loss of sales and an inability to collect
amounts owed to us.

Environmental matters

Risk description
Impact of environmental liabilities

Context and potential impact

The environmental laws of various jurisdictions impose
actual and potential obligations on us to investigate and
remediate contaminated sites, including in connection
with activities in the past by businesses that are no lon-
ger part of Novartis. In some cases, these remediation
efforts may take many years. While we have set aside
provisions for known worldwide environmental liabilities
that are probable and estimable, there is no guarantee
that additional costs will not be incurred beyond the
amounts for which we have provided in the Group

20

consolidated financial statements. If environmental con-
tamination resulting from our facility operations, busi-
ness activities or products adversely impacts third par-
ties or if we fail to properly manage the safety of our
facilities, including the safety of our employees and con-
tractors, and the environmental risks, we may face sub-
stantial one-time and recurring costs and other penal-
ties, and be required to increase our provisions for
environmental liabilities.

See also “Item 4. Information on the Company—Item
4.D Property, plants and equipment” and “Item 18. Finan-
cial Statements—Note 20. Provisions and other non-cur-
rent liabilities.”

Pension plans

Risk description

Inaccuracies in the assumptions and estimates used to
calculate our pension plan and other post-employment
obligations

Context and potential impact

We sponsor pension and other post-employment bene-
fit plans in various forms that cover a significant portion
of our current and former employees. For post-employ-
ment plans with defined benefit obligations, we are
required to make significant assumptions and estimates
about future events in calculating the expense and the
present value of the liability related to these plans. These
include assumptions about the discount rates we apply
to estimate future defined benefit obligations and net
periodic pension expense, as well as rates of future pen-
sion increases. In addition, our actuarial consultants pro-
vide our management with historical statistical informa-
tion, such as withdrawal and mortality rates in connection
with these estimates.

Assumptions and estimates that we use may differ
materially from the actual results we experience due to
changing market and economic conditions, higher or
lower withdrawal rates, and longer or shorter life spans
of participants, among other factors. Depending on
events, such differences could have a material effect on
our total equity, and may require us to make additional
contributions to our pension funds.

For more information on obligations under retirement
and other post-employment benefit plans and underly-
ing actuarial assumptions, see “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 25. Post-employment benefits for employ-
ees.”


--- Page 13 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Item 4. Information on the Company

4.A History and development of Novartis

Novartis AG

Novartis AG was incorporated on February 29, 1996,
under the laws of Switzerland as a stock corporation
(“Aktiengesellschaft”) with an indefinite duration. On
December 20, 1996, our predecessor companies,
Ciba-Geigy AG and Sandoz AG, merged into this new
entity, creating Novartis. We are domiciled in and gov-
erned by the laws of Switzerland. Our registered office
is located at the following address:

Novartis AG

Lichtstrasse 35

CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland
Telephone: +41-61-324-1111
Web: www.novartis.com

Novartis is a multinational group of companies special-
izing in the research, development, manufacturing and
marketing of abroad range of innovative pharmaceuticals

4.B Business overview

Overview

Our purpose is to reimagine medicine to improve and
extend people’s lives. We use innovative science and
technology to address some of society's most challeng-
ing healthcare issues. We discover and develop break-
through treatments and find new ways to deliver them to
as many people as possible. We also aim to reward those
who invest their money, time and ideas in our Company.
Our vision is to become the most valued and trusted
medicines company in the world. Our strategy is to
deliver high-value medicines that alleviate society's
greatest disease burdens through technology leadership
in research and development (R&D) and novel access
approaches. To support this strategy, we have clear
focus areas and priorities, ensuring we deliver on our
purpose and continue to create value for both stakehold-
ers and society. See, “Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—ltem 5.A Operating Results—
Overview—Our strategy.”

In 2022, Novartis achieved net sales from continuing
operations of USD 50.5 billion, and total net income
amounted to USD 7.0 billion. Headquartered in Basel,
Switzerland, our Group companies employed approxi-
mately 102 000 full-time equivalent employees as of
December 31, 2022. Our products are sold in approxi-
mately 140 countries around the world.

The Group comprises two global operating divisions:

21

and cost-saving generic medicines. Novartis AG, our
Swiss holding company, owns, directly or indirectly, all
of our significant operating companies. For a list of our
significant operating subsidiaries, see “Item 18. Financial
Statements—Note 31. Principal Group subsidiaries and
associated companies.”

For a description of important corporate developments
since January 1, 2020, see “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 2. Significant transactions.” For information
regarding the Company's material commitments for cap-
ital expenditures, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial
ReviewandProspects—Liquidity and Capital Resources—
Material short- and long-term cash requirements.”

The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.
gov that contains reports, information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electroni-
cally with the SEC.

Innovative Medicines: innovative patent-protected pre-
scription medicines

For a description of our Innovative Medicines Division,
see “—Innovative Medicines—Overview” below.

Sandoz: generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars
For a description of our Sandoz Division, see
Sandoz” below.

In April 2022, we announced a new, integrated organi-
zational structure and operating model designed to sup-
port our innovation, growth, and productivity ambitions
as a focused medicines company. As part of this new
organizational structure, we have integrated our former
Pharmaceuticals and Oncology business units and cre-
ated two separate commercial organizations—Innovative
Medicines US and Innovative Medicines International.
The Innovative Medicines Division focuses on five core
therapeutic areas—cardiovascular, immunology, neuro-
science, solid tumor, and hematology—as well as other
promoted brands (in the therapeutic areas of ophthal-
mology and respiratory) and established brands. For
more information, see “Item 4. Information on the Com-
pany—Item 4.B Innovative Medicines.” We have also cre-
ated anew Strategy and Growth function that combines
corporate strategy, R&D portfolio strategy and business
development. The purpose of our Strategy and Growth
function is to help drive the company’s growth strategy


--- Page 14 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

end-to-end and look across internal and external oppor-
tunities to strengthen the Novartis pipeline with medicines
that are both transformational and can make significant
contributions to growth. Finally, we have combined our
former Novartis Technical Operations and Customer &
Technology Solutions units to create a new operations
unit called Operations. This new unit seeks to provide a
stronger and simpler operational backbone that can
accelerate multiple technology transformation initiatives
more efficiently, create novel digital solutions at scale,
and increase productivity, while maintaining indus-
try-leading quality and service levels.

Under this new organizational structure, our divisions
are supported by the following organizational units: the
Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR),
Global Drug Development (GDD), and Operations. The
financial results of these organizational units are included
in the results of the divisions for which their work is per-
formed. For more information about NIBR, see “—
Innovative Medicines—Research and development—
Research program” below. For more information about

Innovative Medicines

Overview

Our Innovative Medicines Division is a world leader in
offering patent-protected medicines to patients and phy-
sicians. The Innovative Medicines Division researches,
develops, manufactures, distributes and sells patented
pharmaceuticals. The Innovative Medicines Division is
organized into two commercial organizational units—
Innovative Medicines US and Innovative Medicines Inter-
national. These units were created in April 2022 as part
of our new, integrated organizational structure. Prior to
April 2022, the Innovative Medicines Division was orga-
nized into two global business units: Novartis Oncology
and Novartis Pharmaceuticals. See “Item 4. Information
on the Company—ltem 4.B Overview.”

The Innovative Medicines Division focuses on core
therapeutic areas—cardiovascular, immunology, neuro-
science, solid tumor, and hematology—as well as other
promoted brands (in the therapeutic areas of ophthal-
mology and respiratory) and established brands.

The Innovative Medicines Division is the larger of our
two divisions in terms of consolidated net sales. It
reported consolidated net sales of USD 41.3 billion in
2022, which represented 81.7% of the Group's net sales.
The product portfolio of the Innovative Medicines Division
includes a significant number of key marketed products,
many of which are among the leaders in their respective
therapeutic areas.

Innovative Medicines Division
products

The following summaries describe certain key marketed
products in our Innovative Medicines Division, listed
according to year-end net sales within each therapeutic
area or reporting category. Some of the products

22

GDD, see “—Innovative Medicines—Research and devel-
opment—Development program” below. For more infor-
mation about Operations, see “—Item 4.D Property,
plants and equipment” and “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 3. Segmentation of key figures 2022, 2021
and 2020.”

Corporate acti S
We separately report the results of Corporate activities.
The financial results of our Corporate activities include
the costs of the Group headquarters and those of cor-
porate coordination functions in major countries. In addi-
tion, Corporate includes other items of income and
expense that are not attributable to specific segments,
such as certain revenues from intellectual property
rights and certain expenses related to post-employment
benefits, environmental remediation liabilities, charita-
ble activities, donations and sponsorships.

described below have lost patent protection or are oth-
erwise subject to generic competition. Others are sub-
ject to patent challenges by potential generic competi-
tors. Please see “—Intellectual property” for general
information on intellectual property and regulatory data
protection, and for more information on the status of pat-
ents and exclusivity for Innovative Medicines Division
products.

While we typically seek to sell our marketed products
throughout the world, not all products and indications
are available in every country. The indications described
in these summaries may therefore vary by country. In
addition, a product may be available under different
brand names depending on country and indication.

Key marketed products
Cardiovascular

« Entresto (sacubitril/valsartan) is an oral, first-in-class
angiotensin receptor neprilysin inhibitor. Entresto
enhances the protective effects of a hormone system
called the natriuretic peptide system, and simultane-
ously suppresses the harmful effects of ahormone sys-
tem called the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system.
It is approved:

« Inthe US, the EU and other countries to treat adults
who have symptomatic heart failure with reduced
ejection fraction (HFrEF). HFrEF is a disease in which
the heart cannot pump enough blood.

In the US and other countries to treat most heart fail-

ure patients with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF).

HFpEF is another disease in which the heart cannot

pump enough blood.

In the US and other countries to treat children aged

1year and older who have symptomatic heart failure

with systemic left ventricular systolic dysfunction


--- Page 15 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

+ In China and Japan to treat patients with essential
hypertension (a type of high blood pressure)

Legqvio (inclisiran) is the first and only small-interfering

RNA therapy to reduce LDL cholesterol, a risk factor

for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD),

which is caused by plaque buildup in the arteries.

Leqvio is administered by a healthcare professional

twice a year as an injection, following an initial dose

and a dose at three months. It is approved:

+ Inthe EU and other countries to treat adults with pri-
mary hypercholesterolemia (heterozygous familial
and non-familial) or mixed dyslipidemia. In patients
unable to reachLDL cholesterol goals, Leqviois used
in combination with the maximum tolerated dose of
a statin, or alone or in combination with other lip-
id-lowering therapies in patients who are statin-in-
tolerant or for whom a statin is contraindicated. Pri-
mary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia
are disorders characterized by high levels of fats in
the blood.

+ In the US to treat adults with clinical ASCVD or het-
erozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH), as
an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin ther-
apy, who require additional lowering of LDL choles-
terol. HeFHis an inherited disorder that causes dan-
gerously high levels of LDL cholesterol. (The effect
of Leqvio on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality
has not yet been determined).

Novartis obtained global rights to develop, manufac-
ture and commercialize Leqvio under a license and col-
laboration agreement with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.

Immunology

Cosentyx (secukinumab) is an injectable, fully human
monoclonal antibody that selectively inhibits interleu-
kin-17A (IL-17A), a cytokine involved in several immuno-
logical diseases. It is approved in the US, the EU and
other countries to treat:

Adults and children aged 6 years and older with mod-
erate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. Psoriasis is a debil-
itating systemic inflammatory disease that is charac-
terized by the appearance of raised, red patches on
the skin.

Adults with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS). AS is
a progressive inflammatory disease that is charac-
terized by chronic back pain, is generally visible on
X-rays, and can cause structural damage to the
bones and joints.

Adults with active non-radiographic axial spondy-
loarthritis (nr-axSpA). This is a long-term inflamma-
tory disease that is characterized by chronic back
pain and is not visible on X-rays.

Adults and children (aged 2 years and older in the
US and 6 years and older in the EU) with active pso-
riatic arthritis (PsA). PsA is a type of progressive
inflammatory arthritis that results in swollen and pain-
ful joints and tendons, which can cause structural
damage to the bones and joints.

Children (aged 4 years and older in the US and 6
years and older in the EU) with enthesitis-related

arthritis (ERA) and children (aged 2 years and older
in the US and 6 years and older in the EU) with juve-
nile psoriatic arthritis (PsA). ERA and JPsA are sub-
types of juvenile idiopathic arthritis. If left untreated,
they can lead to high levels of pain and disability.

Xolair (omalizumab) is an injectable prescription med-
icine and the only approved antibody designed to tar-
get and block immunoglobulin E (IgE). It is approved in
the US, the EU and other countries to treat:

Adults and children aged 6 years and older with mod-
erate-to-severe, or severe, persistent allergic asthma
Adults and children aged 12 years and older with
chronic spontaneous urticaria/chronic idiopathic
urticaria (hives)

Adults with nasal polyps or severe chronic rhinosi-
nusitis with nasal polyps (CRSWNP). CRSwNP is a
chronic inflammation of the nose and the sinuses
with the presence of benign lesions (nasal polyps)
on the lining of the nasal sinuses or nasal cavity.

Approved indications vary by country. Xolairis provided
as lyophilized powder for reconstitution, and as liquid
formulation in a pre-filled syringe. Novartis co-pro-
motes Xolair with Genentech in the US and shares a
portion of operating income, but Novartis does not
record any US sales. Novartis records all sales of Xolair
outside the US. For more information, see “Item 18.
Financial Statements—Note 27. Transactions with
related parties—Roche Holding AG.”

Haris (canakinumab) is an injectable, selective, high-af-
finity, fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits
interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), a key cytokine in the
inflammatory pathway. It is approved in the US, the EU
and other countries to treat patients with certain debil-
itating autoinflammatory disorders, including:

Adults and children with periodic fever syndromes.
Periodic fever syndromes are a set of rare disorders
characterized by recurrent episodes of illness, with
fever as the main symptom.

Patients with Still’s disease, including systemic juve-
nile idiopathic arthritis and adult-onset Still’s disease.
Still's disease is a disorder that causes fevers, rash
and joint pain.

Adults with acute gouty arthritis. Gouty arthritis is a
type of arthritis characterized by pain, redness, ten-
derness and swelling in one or more joints.

Approved indications vary by country.

Neuroscience

23

Gilenya (fingolimod) is an oral sphingosine-1-phos-
phate (S1P) receptor modulator that inhibits the move-
ment of lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell) out of
the lymph nodes into the central nervous system,
thereby preventing nerve inflammation and nervous tis-
sue damage. It is approved:

+ In the US to treat adults and children aged 10 years
and older with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis,
including clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-re-
mitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) and active second-
ary progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS). Multiple


--- Page 16 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

sclerosis is a disease in which the immune system
attacks the protective covering of nerves (known as
myelin).

In the EU to treat adults and children aged 10 years
and older who have highly active RRMS despite treat-
ment with at least one disease-modifying agent, or
who have rapidly evolving severe RRMS

Gilenya is licensed from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma
Corporation.

Zolgensma (onasemnogene abeparvovec) is a one-
time intravenous gene therapy designed to address the
genetic root cause of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA)
by replacing the function of the missing or nonworking
SMN1 gene. Zolgensma delivers a new working copy
of the SMN1 gene into a patient’s cells. It is approved
in the US, the EU and other countries to treat:

+ Babies and young children who have SMA with bial-
lelic mutations in the SMN1 gene. SMA is a rare,
genetic neuromuscular disease resulting in the pro-
gressive and irreversible loss of motor neurons,
which causes muscle weakness and atrophy.

Kesimpta (ofatumumab) is an anti-CD20 monoclonal

antibody that enables the targeted depletion of B-cells,

specifically in lymph nodes. Kesimpta is self-adminis-
tered as a once-monthly injection via the Sensoready
autoinjector pen. It is approved:

+ Inthe US to treat adults with relapsing forms of mul-
tiple sclerosis, including clinically isolated syndrome,
relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) and
active secondary progressive multiple sclerosis
(SPMS). Multiple sclerosis is a disease in which the
immune system attacks the protective covering of
nerves (known as myelin).

+ Inthe EU to treat adults with relapsing forms of mul-
tiple sclerosis with active disease defined by clinical
or imaging features (i.e., relapse, disability, or lesions
detected by MRI scans)

Approved indications vary across other countries. Ofa-
tumumab was originally developed by Genmab and
licensed to GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). Novartis obtained
the rights to ofatumumab from GSK across all indica-
tions.

Solid Tumor

Tafinlar + Mekinist (dabrafenib + trametinib) is an oral
combination therapy. Tafinlar and Mekinist are kinase
inhibitors of the BRAF and MEK1/2 proteins, respec-
tively, approved in combination in the US, the EU and
other countries to treat patients who have certain types
of cancer with a change in the BRAF gene (called a
BRAF V600 mutation), including:

+ Adults with unresectable or metastatic melanoma
with a BRAF V600 mutation. Melanoma is a form of
skin cancer; unresectable melanoma cannot be
removed with surgery and metastatic melanoma has
spread to other parts of the body. Tafinilar and
Mekinist are also approved as single agents for this
indication.

24

Adults with stage III melanoma with a BRAF V600
mutation as an adjuvant treatment (following surgery)
Adults with advanced non-small cell lung cancer
(NSCLC) with a BRAF V600 mutation. NSCLC is the
most common type of lung cancer.

Adults with locally advanced or metastatic anaplas-
tic thyroid cancer (ATC) with a BRAF V600 mutation
whose cancer has progressed following treatment,
and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment
options (US). ATC is a rare and aggressive form of
thyroid cancer.

Approved indications vary by country. Novartis has
worldwide exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and
commercialize trametinib granted by Japan Tobacco
Inc.

Kisqali (ribociclib) is a selective oral cyclin-dependent
inhibitor of kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6) with somewhat
greater inhibitory activity against CDK4 vs CDK6 - the
two enzymes involved in the control of cell cycle pro-
gression. Kisqaliis approved in the US, the EU and other
countries to treat:

+ Pre-, peri- and postmenopausal women, and men
(US), with hormone receptor-positive (HR+)/human
epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-)
locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer, incom-
bination with an aromatase inhibitor as initial endo-
crine-based therapy. HR+/HER2- breast cancer is
the most common subtype of breast cancer.

Pre-, peri- (EU) and postmenopausal women, and
men (US), with HR+/HER2- locally advanced or met-
astatic breast cancer, in combination with fulvestrant,
as first- or second-line therapy

Kisqali was developed by the Novartis Institutes for
BioMedical Research under a research collaboration
with Astex Pharmaceuticals.

Piqray (alpelisib) is an oral kinase inhibitor that specif-

ically targets the PIK3CA gene. This is the most com-

monly mutated gene in HR+/HER2- breast cancer, the

most common subtype of breast cancer. Piqray is

approved in the US, the EU and other countries to treat:

+ Postmenopausal women, and men, with hormone
receptor-positive (HR+)/human epidermal growth
factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) locally advanced
or metastatic breast cancer with a PIK3CA mutation.
It is used in combination with fulvestrant after dis-
ease progression while on or following an endo-
crine-based regimen (US), or after disease progres-
sion following endocrine therapy as monotherapy
(EU).

Pluvicto (lutetium ('’Lu) vipivotide tetraxetan) is an
intravenous radioligand therapy combining a targeting
compound (a ligand) with a therapeutic radionuclide (a
radioactive particle, in this case lutetium-177). Pluvicto
delivers radiation selectively to PSMA-positive cells
and the surrounding cells. It is approved in the US, the
EU and other countries to treat:
+ Adults with a type of advanced cancer that has
spread to other parts of the body (metastatic) called
prostate-specific membrane antigen-positive


--- Page 17 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer
(PSMA-positive mCRPC) who have already been
treated with other anticancer treatments (androgen
receptor pathway inhibition and taxane-based che-
motherapy)

Hematology

Promacta/Revolade (eltrombopag) is a once-daily oral

thrombopoietin receptor agonist that works by stimu-

lating bone marrow cells to produce platelets. It is
approved in the US, the EU and other countries to treat:

+ Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in patients who have
had an insufficient response to or have failed previ-
ous therapies. ITP is a bleeding disorder caused by
an unusually low number of platelets.

* Thrombocytopenia in patients with chronic hepatitis
C to allow them to initiate and maintain interfer-
on-based therapy

+ Patients with severe aplastic anemia (SAA). SAA is
a condition in which the body does not produce
enough blood cells

Promacta/Revolade is marketed under a research,
development and license agreement between Novartis
and RPI Finance Trust (dba Royalty Pharma), as
assignee of Ligand Pharmaceuticals.

Tasigna (nilotinib) is a twice-daily oral tyrosine kinase
inhibitor that acts by blocking the BCR-ABL protein. It
is approved in the US, the EU and other countries to
treat:

+ Patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive
chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML) in the chronic
and/or accelerated phase who are resistant or intol-
erant to existing treatment. Ph+ CML is acancer that
starts in the blood-forming cells of bone marrow.

+ Newly diagnosed adults and children with Pht CML
in the chronic phase

Jakavi (ruxolitinib) is an oral inhibitor of the JAK1 and
JAK2 tyrosine kinases. It is the first therapy approved
in the EU and other countries to treat:

+ Adults with myelofibrosis (MF), including primary

myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis

and post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis.

MF is a rare blood cancer characterized by abnor-

mal blood cell production and scarring in the bone

marrow, which can lead to an enlarged spleen.

Adults with polycythemia vera (PV) who are resistant

or intolerant to a medication called hydroxyurea. PV

is arare blood cancer in which the bone marrow pro-
duces too many red blood cells, resulting in serious
problems like clots.

+ Patients aged 12 years and older with acute or chronic
graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) and who have had
an inadequate response to corticosteroids or other
systemic therapies. GVHD occurs in stem-cell trans-
plant patients when donor cells see the recipient's
healthy cells as foreign and attack them.

Novartis licensed ruxolitinib from Incyte Corporation
for development and commercialization in the

indications of oncology, hematology and graft-versus-
host disease outside the US. Incyte Corporation mar-
kets ruxolitinib as Jakafi® in the US.

Scemblix (asciminib) is an oral kinase inhibitor that
works by binding to the ABL myristoyl pocket. It is
approved:

In the US, the EU and other countries to treat adults
with Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic
myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML) in chronic phase who
have previously been treated with two or more tyro-
sine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). CML is a type of cancer
that starts in the blood-forming cells of the bone mar-
row and invades the blood. There are three phases
of CML: chronic phase, accelerated phase and blast
phase.

In the US and other countries to treat adults with Ph+
CML in chronic phase with the T315I mutation. Some
patients with CML develop mutations that cause
resistance to TKI therapy, including the T3151 muta-
tion, which confers resistance to most available TKIs.
As a result, patients with this mutation have limited
treatment options.

Other Promoted Brands

25

Lucentis (ranibizumab) is a humanized, high-affinity
antibody fragment that binds to vascular endothelial
growth factor A (VEGF-A), a protein that can cause the
growth of blood vessels in the eye, potentially leading
to vision loss. Lucentis is an anti-VEGF therapy that is
injected into the eye. It is approved in the EU and other
countries to treat patients with certain eye conditions,
including:

Adults with neovascular (wet) age-related macular
degeneration (AMD). Wet AMD develops when
abnormal blood vessels grow under the macula and
leak blood and other fluids in the back of the eye,
which damages the macula.

Adults with proliferative diabetic retinopathy, moder-
ately severe to severe non-proliferative diabetic ret-
inopathy, and/or diabetic macular edema. These con-
ditions are complications of diabetes.

Adults with visual impairment due to macular edema
secondary to retinal vein occlusion (branch RVO or
central RVO). Retinal vein occlusion is a blockage of
the branch or central retinal veins, which carry blood
away from the retina.

Approved indications vary by country. Lucentis is
licensed from Genentech, and Novartis holds the rights
to commercialize the product outside the US. Genen-
tech holds the rights to commercialize Lucentis in the
US. For more information, see “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 27. Transactions with related parties—
Roche Holding AG.”

Xiidra (lifitegrast 0.5%), an LFA-1 antagonist, is a pre-
scription eye drop designed to block the interaction of
two key proteins called ICAM-1 and LFA-1, thereby
reducing inflammation. It is approved in the US and
other countries to treat:

+ The signs and symptoms of dry eye disease in adults


--- Page 18 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Established Brands

* Sandostatin SC (octreotide acetate for injection) and
Sandostatin LAR (octreotide acetate for injectable sus-
pension) are somatostatin analogs approved in the US,
the EU and other countries to treat:

Adults with acromegaly that is inadequately con-

trolled by surgery or radiotherapy. Acromegaly is a

chronic disease caused by the oversecretion of

growth hormone.

Patients with certain symptoms associated with car-

cinoid tumors and other types of functional gastro-

intestinal and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

Sandostatin LAR is also approved in the EU and other
countries to treat patients with advanced neuroendo-
crine tumors of the midgut or of unknown primary
tumor origin.

Compounds in development

The following table provides an overview of the key
Innovative Medicines Division projects currently in the
Confirmatory Development stage and may also describe
certain projects in the Exploratory Development stage.
Projects typically enter Confirmatory Development and
become the responsibility of our Global Drug Develop-
ment organization during Phase II testing. (For more
information about our drug development program, see
“—Research and development—Development program.”)
Projects are listed in alphabetical order by compound
code, or by product name where applicable. Projects
include those seeking to develop potential uses of new

26

molecular entities as well as potential additional indica-
tions or new formulations for already marketed products.
The table below, entitled “Projects removed from the
development table since 2021,” highlights changes to the
table entitled “Selected development projects” from the
previous year.

The year that each project entered the current phase
of development refers to the year of the first patient’s
first visit in the first clinical trial of that phase. For proj-
ects in Phase Il, the year refers to the first patient’s first
visit in the first Phase II trial, which can occur before the
Confirmatory Development stage. Prior to 2020, we
reported the current phase based on the year in which
the decision to enter the phase was made. To maintain
continuity, we have included certain previously disclosed
projects, noted below, that have not yet achieved “first
patient, first visit” in any Phase I-lll study for the reported
indication and route of administration. We have disclosed
these projects using our previous reporting criteria.

A reference to a project being in registration means
that an application has been submitted to a health author-
ity for marketing approval. Compounds and new indica-
tions in development are subject to required regulatory
approvals and, in certain instances, contractual limita-
tions. These compounds and indications are in various
stages of development throughout the world. It may not
be possible to obtain regulatory approval for any or all
of the new compounds and new indications referred to
in this Form 20-F in any country or in every country. See
“—Regulation” for more information on the approval pro-
cess.


--- Page 19 ---

Selected development projects

Item 4. Information on the Company

Year project
entered
Formulation/ current Planned filing
Compound/ Common —_ Mechanism route of development dates/current
product name of action Potential indication Category administration phase phase
AVXS-101 onasemno- Survival motor neuron Spinal muscular atrophy Neuroscience Intrathecal injection 2021 2025/IIl
(QAV101) gene abepar- (SMN) gene therapy —_(IT formulation)
vovec
Beovu brolucizumab VEGF inhibitor Diabetic retinopathy Ophthalmology Intravitreal injection 2020 2025/IIl
CFZ533__iscalimab CD40 inhibitor Sjégren’s syndrome Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2019 22026/Il
Coartem —_artemether + PGH-1 (artemisinin Malaria, Global Health Oral 2020 2024/IIl
lumefantrine combination therapy) uncomplicated
(<5 kg patients)
Cosentyx —secukinumab IL-17A inhibitor Hidradenitis suppurativa Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2022 US/EU
registration
Giant cell arteritis Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2021 2025/IIl
Lupus nephritis Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2020 22026/IIl
Psoriatic arthritis (IV formulation) Immunology Intravenous infusion 2022 US registration
Ankylosing spondylitis (IV formulation) Immunology Intravenous infusion 2022 US registration
JDQ443_——« TBD KRAS inhibitor Non-small cell lung cancer, 2/3L" Solid Tumor Oral 2022 2024/IIl
KAE609 —cipargamin_PATP4 inhibitor Malaria, uncomplicated Global Health Oral 2017 22026/II
Malaria, severe Global Health Oral 2022 >2026/II
KAF156 ganaplacide _Non-artemisinin Malaria, uncomplicated Global Health Oral 2017 22026/II
plasmodium
falciparum inhibitor
Kisgali ribociclib — CDK4 inhibitor Hormone receptor-positive Solid Tumor Oral 2018 2023/IIl
(HR+)/human epidermal growth
factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-)
early breast cancer (adjuvant)
Leqvio inclisiran siRNA Secondary prevention of cardiovascular Cardiovascular Subcutaneous injection 2018 22026/IIl
(regulation of LDL-C) _ events in patients with elevated levels
of LDL-C
LNAO43 TBD ANGPTLS agonist Knee osteoarthritis, immunology intra-articular 2021 22026/Il
LNPO23 —iptacopan CFB inhibitor IgA nephropathy Cardiovascular Oral 2021 2024/IIl
C3 glomerulopathy Cardiovascular Oral 2021 2024/IIl
Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria Hematology Oral 2021 2023/IIl
Atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome Hematology Oral 2021 22026/IIl
LOUO64 —remibrutinibBTK inhibitor Chronic spontaneous urticaria Immunology Oral 2021 2024/IIl
Sjégren’s syndrome Immunology Oral 2019 22026/II
Multiple sclerosis Neuroscience Oral 2021 22026/IIl
Lutathera —_lutetium Radioligand therapy _Gastroenteropancreatic Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion 2020 2023/IIl
Lu 177 targeting SSTR neuroendocrine tumors,
dotatate/ 1*line in G2/3 tumors
lutetium
Lu)
oxodotreotide
LXE408 TBD Proteasome inhibitor Visceral leishmaniasis Global Health Oral 2022 >2026/II
MBG453__sabatolimab TIM-3 antagonist Myelodysplastic syndrome Hematology Intravenous infusion 2020 2024/IIl
Unfit acute myeloid leukemia Hematology Intravenous infusion 2020 22026/II
mig2t onfasprodil NR2B negative Major depressive disorder Neuroscience Intravenous infusion 2021 22026/II
allosteric modulator
NIS793 TBD ‘TGF-beta 1 inhibitor __ Pancreatic cancer, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion 2021 2025/lll
Pigray alpelisib _PI3K-alpha inhibitor Ovarian cancer Solid Tumor Oral 2021 2023/IIl
Pluvicto —_lutetium Radioligand therapy Metastatic castration-resistant Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion 2021 2023/lIl
Lu 177 targeting PSMA prostate cancer, pre-taxane
vipivotide
tetraxetan/
lutetium’
(*77Lu)
vipivotide
tetraxetan
Metastatic hormone-sensitive Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion 2021 2024/IIl

prostate cancer

* Project added to selected development projects table in 2022 - entered Confirmatory Development

27


--- Page 20 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Year project
entered
Formulation/ current Planned filing
Compound/ Common Mechanism route of development dates/current
product name of action Potential indication Category administration phase phase
Ppy9ss? TBD Gene therapy - Geographic atrophy Ophthalmology Subretinal injection 2022 22026/ll
complement
factor | modulation
QGE031 —_ligelizumab IgE inhibitor Food allergy Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2021 22026/IIl
SAF312 __libvatrep _ TRPV1 antagonist Chronic ocular surface pain Ophthalmology Topical 2016 22026/ll
Scemblix asciminib — BCR-ABL inhibitor Chronic myeloid Hematology Oral 2021 2025/II
leukemia, 1* line
SKO136* ensovibep —_Multispecific DARPin Coronavirus infection Global Health Intravenous infusion _Not applicable TBD*/1I
(N/A)
TQJ230 —pelacarsen ASO targeting Secondary prevention of cardiovascular Cardiovascular Subcutaneous injection 2019 2025/II
lipoprotein(a) events in patients with elevated levels
of lipoprotein(a)
VAY736—ianalumab —_BAFF-R inhibitor Autoimmune hepatitis Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2018 22026/ll
Lupus nephritis ® Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2022 22026/III
Sjégren's syndrome Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2022 22026/III
Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia’ Hematology —_—Intravenousinfusion 2022 22026/III
(wAIHA)
VDT482 —tislelizumab Anti-PD-1 monoclonal Esophageal cancer, 2! line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A Us/EU
antibody registration
Non-small cell lung cancer Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A EU registration
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2023/II
Gastric cancer, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2023/II
Esophageal cancer, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2023/II
Localized esophageal cancer Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2024/II
Hepatocellular carcinoma, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2023/II
Small cell lung cancer, 1* line Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 2024/II
Urothelial cell carcinoma, 1* line® Solid Tumor Intravenous infusion N/A 22026/IIl
VPM087 —_gevokizumab IL-1 beta antagonist Colorectal cancer, 1*line Solid Tumor _Intravenousinfusion 2019 22026/I
Xolair omalizumab IgE inhibitor Food allergy Immunology Subcutaneous injection 2019 2023/II
XXB750° TBD NPR1 agonist Hypertension Cardiovascular Subcutaneous injection 2022 22026/ll

® Entered confirmatory development following the acquisition of Gyroscope Thereapeutics.
8 In-licensed from Molecular Partners in 2021 (option deal)
+ No definite submission date can be provided at this time

Project added to selected development projects table in 2022 - entered Confirmatory Development

© Formerly “bladder urothelial cell carcinoma’. Indication language updated in 2022 to reflect latest development plan

28


--- Page 21 ---

Projects removed from the development table since 2021

‘Compound/product
ACZ885 (canakinumab)

Item 4. Information on the Company

Potential indication

Non-small cell lung cancer, adjuvant

Change

Removed

Reason

Development discontinued

Beovu Diabetic macular edema Commercialized
CFZ533 (iscalimab) Liver transplantation Removed Development discontinued
Cosentyx Ankylosing spondylitis head-to-head study versus Removed Development discontinued
Sandoz biosimilar Hyrimoz (adalimumab)
Cosentyx Lichen Planus Removed Development discontinued
CSJ117 Asthma Removed Development discontinued
dakavi Acute graft-versus-host disease Commercialized
dakavi Chronic graft-versus-host disease Commercialized
Kymriah Relapsed/refractory follicular lymphoma Commercialized
LJN452 Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis Removed Development discontinued
LMIo70 Huntington's disease Removed Development discontinued
LNPO23 Membranous nephropathy Removed Development discontinued
Vijoice* PIK3CA-related overgrowth spectrum Commercialized
Pigray Triple negative breast cancer Removed Development discontinued
Pigray Human epidermal growth factor Removed Development discontinued
receptor 2-positive (HER2+)
advanced breast cancer
Pluvicto Metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer, post-taxane Commercialized
QBW251 (icenticaftor) Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease Removed Development discontinued
QGE031 (ligelizumab) Chronic spontaneous urticaria Removed Development discontinued
QGE031 (ligelizumab) Chronic inducible urticaria Removed Development discontinued

Scemblix

Chronic myeloid leukemia, 3° line

Commercialized

UNR844

Presbyopia

Removed

Development discontinued

+ Formerly listed as BYL719

29


--- Page 22 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Principal markets

The Innovative Medicines Division sells products in approximately 130 countries worldwide. Net sales are primar-
ily concentrated in the US and Europe. The following table sets forth the aggregate 2022 net sales of the Innovative

Medicines Division by region:

Innovative Medicines

2022 net sales
to third parties

USD millions %
United States 15 899 39
Europe 13 554 33
Asia, Africa, Australasia 8929 22
Canada and Latin America 2914 6
Total 41296 100
Of which in Established Markets * 30 548 74
Of which in Emerging Growth Markets * 10 748 26

* Emerging Growth Markets comprise all markets other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

Many of our Innovative Medicines Division products are
used for chronic conditions that require patients to con-
sume the product over long periods of time, ranging from
months to years. However, certain of our marketed prod-
ucts and development projects, such as cell and gene
therapies, are administered only once. Net sales of the
vast majority of our products are not subject to material
changes in seasonal demand.

Production

Our primary goal is to ensure the uninterrupted and
timely supply of medicines that meet all product speci-
fications and quality standards, and that are produced
in the most cost-effective and sustainable manner. The
manufacturing of our products is highly regulated by gov-
ernmental health authorities around the world, including
the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Euro-
pean Medicines Agency (EMA). In addition to regulatory
requirements, many of our products involve technically
complex manufacturing processes or require highly spe-
cialized raw materials.

In 2022, we began to integrate Advanced Accelera-
tor Applications (AAA), a Novartis company that focuses
on radioligand therapies, into our existing manufacturing
and supply structure. We manufacture our products
across the following technologies at facilities worldwide:
large molecules, small molecules, cell and gene therapy,
RNA therapy and radioligand therapy (see also “—Item
4.D Property, plants and equipment”). In our manufac-
turing network, we maintain state-of-the-art processes,
with quality as a priority, and require our suppliers to
adhere to the same high standards we expect from our
own people and processes. These processes include:
chemical and biological syntheses; radioisotope han-
dling, which relates to our radioligand therapies; sterile
processing, including CAR-T cell processing; and formu-
lation and packaging. We are constantly working to
improve our existing manufacturing processes, develop
new and innovative technologies, and review and adapt

30

our manufacturing network to meet our needs and those
of our patients and customers.

We produce raw materials for manufacturing in-house
or purchase them from a number of third-party suppli-
ers. Where possible, we maintain multiple supply sources
so that the business is not dependent on a single or lim-
ited number of suppliers. However, our ability to do so
may at times be limited by regulatory or other require-
ments. We monitor market developments that could have
an adverse effect on the supply of essential materials.
Our suppliers of raw materials are required to comply
with applicable regulations and Novartis quality stan-
dards.

Because the manufacturing of our products is com-
plex and highly regulated by governmental health author-
ities, supply is never guaranteed. If we or our third-party
suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulations, then
there could be a product recall or other disruption to our
production activities. We have experienced supply inter-
ruptions for our products in the past, and there can be
no assurance that supply will not be interrupted again in
the future. However, we have implemented a global man-
ufacturing strategy to maximize business continuity in
case of such events.

Marketing and sales

The Innovative Medicines Division serves customers with
21 564 field force representatives, as of December 31,
2022, including supervisors and administrative person-
nel. These trained representatives present the therapeu-
tic benefits and risks of our products to physicians, phar-
macists, hospitals, insurance groups, managed care
organizations and other healthcare professionals. In the
US, Novartis advertises certain products via digital and
traditional media channels, including the internet, televi-
sion, newspapers and magazines. Novartis also pursues
co-promotion or co-marketing opportunities as well as
licensing and distribution agreements with other com-
panies in various markets.


--- Page 23 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

The marketplace for healthcare is evolving. Customer
groups beyond prescribers have increasing influence on
treatment decisions and guidelines, while patients con-
tinue to become more informed stakeholders in their
healthcare decisions and look for solutions to meet their
changing needs. Novartis is responding by adapting our
business practices to engage appropriately with patients,
customer groups and other stakeholders, including by
delivering innovative solutions to drive education, access
and improved patient care.

The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated additional
changes related to marketing and sales techniques in
the healthcare industry. For example, many healthcare
professionals have increased their use of virtual plat-
forms when interacting with pharmaceutical companies,
and prefer to receive information in a more convenient
and personalized way. In response, Novartis is working
to implement a new customer engagement model that
combines traditional face-to-face visits with digital and
other methods of engaging healthcare professionals to
improve the efficiency and effectiveness of every inter-
action. We are similarly changing our approach to engag-
ing healthcare systems, payers and other healthcare pro-
viders.

Although specific distribution patterns vary by coun-
try, Novartis generally sells its prescription drugs primar-
ily to wholesale and retail drug distributors, hospitals,
clinics, government agencies and managed healthcare
providers. The growing number of so-called “specialty”
drugs in our portfolio has resulted in increased engage-
ment with specialty pharmacies.

In the US, the US Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
Services (CMS) is the largest single payer for healthcare
services as a result of continuing changes in healthcare
economics and an aging population. In addition, both
commercial and government-sponsored managed care
organizations continue to be among the largest groups
of payers for healthcare services in the US. In other coun-
tries, national health services are often the only signifi-
cant payer for healthcare services. In an effort to control
prescription drug costs, almost all managed care orga-
nizations and national health services use formularies
that list specific drugs that may be reimbursed and/or
the level of reimbursement for each drug. Managed care
organizations and national health services also increas-
ingly use cost-benefit analyses to determine whether or
not newly approved drugs will be added to a formulary
and/or the level of reimbursement for that drug, and to
determine whether or not to continue to reimburse exist-
ing drugs. We have dedicated teams that actively seek
to optimize patient access, including formulary positions,
for our products.

The trend toward consolidation among distributors
and retailers of Innovative Medicines Division products
continues in the US and internationally, both within and
across countries. This has increased our customers’ pur-
chasing leverage and resulted in increased pricing pres-
sure on our products. Moreover, we are exposed to
increased concentration of credit risk as a result of the
consolidation among our customers.

Drug pricing is an increasingly prominent issue in
many countries as healthcare spending continues to rise.
This issue has received significant attention in the US,
especially with the recent passage of the Inflation

31

Reduction Act (please see “—Price controls” for more
information). At Novartis, we are increasing our efforts
to enable patient access through innovative pricing and
access initiatives in the US, Europe and other markets.
These include contract structures such as pay-over-time
and outcome-based agreements.

In 2021, Novartis reached an agreement with the
National Health Service (NHS) in England to implement
a first-of-its-kind population health management
approach designed to provide faster and broader access
to Leqvio for certain high-risk patients with atheroscle-
rotic cardiovascular disease. Novartis is engaging in sim-
ilar collaborations with other countries.

Additionally, following conditional approval of
Zolgensma in Europe in 2020, Novartis Gene Therapies
established “Day One” early access agreements in mul-
tiple European countries. These agreements support
early patient access by allowing a variety of customiz-
able options, including retroactive rebates, deferred pay-
ments, installment options, outcome-based rebates, and
collaborations with healthcare systems to optimize dis-
ease management. These efforts have expanded glob-
ally, and we now have multiple early access agreements
and pay-for-performance agreements (i.e., out-
come-based arrangements) in place in various markets
around the world. Zolgensmais approved in 45 countries.

Competition

The global pharmaceutical market is highly competitive.
We compete against other major international corpora-
tions that have substantial financial and other resources,
as well as against smaller companies that operate region-
ally or nationally. Competition within the industry is
intense and extends across a wide range of activities,
including pricing, product characteristics, customer ser-
vice, sales and marketing, and research and develop-
ment.

Like other companies selling patented pharma-
ceuticals, Novartis faces challenges from companies
selling competing patented products. Generic forms of
our products may follow the expiry of intellectual prop-
erty protection or regulatory exclusivities, and generic
companies may also gain entry to the market through
successfully challenging our intellectual property rights
and exclusivities. We use appropriate, legally permissi-
ble measures to defend those rights and exclusivities.
(See also “—Intellectual property” below). We also may
face competition from over-the-counter (OTC) products
that do not require a prescription from a physician.

There is ongoing consolidation in the pharmaceuti-
cal industry. At the same time, new entrants are looking
to use their expertise to establish or expand their pres-
ence in healthcare, including technology companies
seeking to benefit from the increasing importance of
data and data management in our industry.

Research and development

The discovery and development of a new drug usually
requires approximately 10 to 15 years from the initial
research to bringing a drug to market. This includes


--- Page 24 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

approximately six to eight years from Phase | clinical tri-
als to market entry. At each of these steps, there is a
substantial risk that a compound (i.e., drug or biologic)
or other therapeutic candidate will not meet the require-
ments to progress further. In such an event, we may be
required to abandon the development of a potential ther-
apy in which we have made a substantial investment.

We manage our research and development expendi-
tures across our entire portfolio in accordance with our
strategic priorities. We make decisions about whether
or not to proceed with development projects on a proj-
ect-by-project basis. These decisions are based on the
project’s potential to meet a significant unmet medical
need or to improve patient outcomes, the strength of the
science underlying the project, and the potential of the
project (subject to the risks inherent in pharmaceutical
development) to generate significant positive financial
results for the Company. Once a management decision
has been made to proceed with the development of a
particular molecule, the level of research and develop-
ment investment required will be driven by many factors.
These include the medical indications for which itis being
developed, the number of indications being pursued,
whether the molecule is of a chemical or biological
nature, the stage of development, and the level of evi-
dence necessary to demonstrate clinical efficacy and
safety.

Research program

Our research program is conducted by the Novartis Insti-
tutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR), which is the
research and early development innovation engine of
Novartis. NIBR is responsible for the discovery of new
medicines for diseases with unmet medical need. We
focus our work in areas where we believe we can have
the most impact for patients. This requires the hiring and
retention of highly talented employees, a focus on fun-
damental disease mechanisms that are relevant across
different disease areas, continuous improvement in tech-
nologies for drug discovery and potential therapies,
working with patients to understand their diseases and
the potential benefits of therapies, close alliances with
clinical and commercial colleagues, and the establish-
ment of strategic external alliances.

Approximately 5 500 full-time-equivalent scientists,
physicians and business professionals work at NIBR
sites in Basel, Switzerland; Cambridge, Massachusetts;
East Hanover, New Jersey; San Diego, California; and
Emeryville, California. They contribute to research into
disease areas such as cardiovascular, renal and meta-
bolic diseases; neuroscience; oncology; hematology;
muscle disorders; ophthalmology; autoimmune diseases;
and respiratory and allergic diseases. Research at the
Friedrich Miescher Institute focuses on basic genetic
and genomic research, and the Novartis Institute for
Tropical Diseases (NITD), in Emeryville, California,
focuses on discovering new medicines to fight tropical
diseases, including malaria and cryptosporidiosis.

Alldrug candidates go through proof-of-concept tri-
als to enable an early assessment of the safety and effi-
cacy of the drug while collecting basic information on
pharmacokinetics and tolerability, and adhering to the
guidance for early clinical testing set forth by health

32

authorities. Following proof of concept, our Global Drug
Development unit conducts confirmatory trials on the
drug candidates.

In 2022, we integrated the Genomics Institute of the
Novartis Research Foundation (GNF), which is based in
San Diego, US, into NIBR. This enables closer collabo-
ration with colleagues across NIBR and gives greater
access to biological, therapeutic, and translational plat-
forms to researchers across Novartis. The NIBR San
Diego site is focused on developing novel technology to
drive drug discovery research, including regenerative
medicine, small interfering RNA therapy and covalent
drug discovery.

Development program

Our Global Drug Development (GDD) organization
oversees and executes drug development activities,
working collaboratively with NIBR, our commercial orga-
nization and other parts of the Company on our overall
pipeline strategy. The GDD organization includes
centralized global functions such as Regulatory Affairs
and Global Development Operations, and global Devel-
opment Units, and has approximately 12 800 full-time
equivalent employees worldwide.

The traditional model of clinical development consists
of three phases:

Phase I: The first clinical trials of a new compound -
generally performed in a small number of healthy human
volunteers - to assess the drug's safety profile, includ-
ing the safe dosage range. These trials also determine
how a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and
excreted, and the duration of its action.

Phase II: Clinical studies performed with patients who
have the target disease, with the aim of continuing the
Phase | safety assessment in a larger group, assessing
the efficacy of the drug in the patient population, and
determining the appropriate doses for further evaluation.
Phase Ill: Large-scale clinical studies with several hun-
dred to several thousand patients, which are conducted
to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug in spe-
cific indications for regulatory approval. Phase III trials
may also be used to compare a new drug against a cur-
rent standard of care to evaluate the overall benefit-risk
relationship of the new medicine.

In each of these phases, physicians monitor volunteer
patients closely to assess the safety and efficacy of a
potential new drug or indication.

Although we use this traditional model, we have tai-
lored the development process to be simpler, more flex-
ible and more efficient. We divide the development pro-
cess into two stages: Exploratory Development to
establish proof of concept, followed by Confirmatory
Development to confirm the concept in large numbers
of patients. Exploratory Development consists of clini-
cal proof-of-concept (PoC) studies, which are small clin-
ical trials (typically involving between five and 15 patients)
that combine elements of traditional Phase I/II testing.
NIBR conducts these customized trials, which are
designed to give early insights into issues such as safety,
efficacy and toxicity for a drug in a given indication. Once
a positive proof of concept has been established, the


--- Page 25 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

drug moves to the Confirmatory Development stage and
becomes the responsibility of GDD. Confirmatory Devel-
opment has elements of traditional Phase II/III testing
and includes trials aimed at confirming the safety and
efficacy of the drug in the given indication, leading up to
submission of a dossier to health authorities for approval.
This stage can also include trials that compare the drug
to the current standard of care for the disease in order
to evaluate the drug's overall benefit-risk profile. Further,
with new treatment approaches such as gene therapy
for rare diseases, elements of Exploratory and Confir-
matory Development may be combined and suffice for
registration under certain conditions such as high unmet
medical need and clinical data showing highly favorable
benefit-risk. In these cases, additional post-approval
studies may be required by the regulatory authorities to
continue to gather important data to further support
approval.

The vast amount of data that must be collected and
evaluated makes clinical testing the most time-consum-
ing and expensive part of new drug development. The
next stage in the drug development process is to seek
registration for the new drug. For more information, see
“—Regulation.”

Our Innovation Management Board (IMB) is respon-
sible for all strategic aspects of our development port-
folio and oversees our drug development budget as well
as major project phase transitions and milestones fol-
lowing a positive proof-of-concept outcome, including
transitions to Confirmatory Development and the deci-
sion to submit a regulatory application to the health
authorities. The IMB is also responsible for the endorse-
ment of overall development strategy, the endorsement
of development project priorities, and decisions on proj-
ect discontinuations. Our Chief Executive Officer chairs
the IMB, and other representatives from Novartis senior
management, with expertise spanning multiple fields, are
among its core and extended membership.

Alliances and acquisitions

Our Innovative Medicines Division enters into business
development agreements with other pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies and with academic and other
institutions to develop new products and access new
markets. We license products that complement our cur-
rent product line and are appropriate to our business
strategy. We focus on strategic alliances and acquisition
activities for key disease areas and indications that we
expect to be growth drivers in the future. We review prod-
ucts and compounds we are considering licensing, using
the same criteria that we use for our own internally dis-
covered drugs.

In February 2022, Novartis completed the acquisition
of Gyroscope Therapeutics Holdings Plc. Through the
acquisition, Novartis added PPY988 (GTO05), an inves-
tigational one-time gene therapy for geographic atrophy,
to its portfolio.

For more information about recent business acquisitions,
see “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 2. Significant
transactions.”

33

Regulation

The international pharmaceutical industry is highly reg-
ulated. Regulatory authorities around the world admin-
ister numerous laws and regulations regarding the test-
ing, approval, manufacturing, importing, labeling and
marketing of drugs, and review the safety and efficacy
of pharmaceutical products. Extensive controls exist on
the non-clinical and clinical development of pharmaceu-
tical products. These regulatory requirements, and the
implementation of them by local health authorities around
the globe, are a major factor in determining whether a
substance can be developed into a marketable product,
and the amount of time and expense associated with
that development.

Health authorities, including those in the US and the
EU, have high standards of technical evaluation. The
introduction of new pharmaceutical products generally
entails a lengthy approval process. Products must be
authorized or registered prior to marketing, and such
authorization or registration must subsequently be main-
tained. In recent years, the registration process has
required increased testing and documentation for the
approval of new drugs, with a corresponding increase in
the expense of product introduction.

To register a pharmaceutical product, a registration
dossier containing evidence establishing the safety, effi-
cacy and quality of the product must be submitted to
regulatory authorities. Generally, a therapeutic product
must be registered in each country in which it will be sold.
In every country, the submission of an application to a
regulatory authority does not guarantee that approval to
market the product will be granted. Although the criteria
for the registration of therapeutic drugs are similar in
most countries, the formal structure of the necessary
registration documents and the specific requirements,
including risk tolerance, of the local health authorities
can vary significantly from country to country. Even if a
drug is registered and marketed in one country, the reg-
istration authority in another country may request addi-
tional information from the pharmaceutical company
prior to registration or even reject the product. A drug
may be approved for different indications in different
countries.

The registration process generally takes between six
months and several years, depending on the country, the
quality of the data submitted, the efficiency of the regis-
tration authority’s procedures, and the nature of the
product. Many countries provide for accelerated pro-
cessing of registration applications for innovative prod-
ucts of particular therapeutic interest. In recent years,
the US and the EU have made efforts to harmonize reg-
istration requirements in order to achieve shorter devel-
opment and registration times for medical products.
However, the requirement in many countries to negoti-
ate selling prices or reimbursement levels with govern-
ment regulators and other payers can substantially
extend the time until a product may finally be available
to patients.

The following provides a summary of the regulatory
processes in the principal markets served by Innovative
Medicines Division affiliates:


--- Page 26 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

United States

In the US, applications for drug registration are submit-
ted to and reviewed by the FDA. The FDA regulates the
testing, manufacturing, labeling and approval for market-
ing of pharmaceutical products intended for commer-
cialization in the US. The FDA continues to monitor the
safety of pharmaceutical products after they have been
approved for sale in the US market. The pharmaceutical
development and registration process is typically inten-
sive, lengthy and rigorous. When a pharmaceutical com-
pany has gathered data that it believes sufficiently
demonstrates a drug’s safety, efficacy and quality, the
company may file a New Drug Application (NDA) or Bio-
logics License Application (BLA), as applicable, for the
compound. The NDA or BLA must contain all the scien-
tific information that has been gathered about the com-
pound. This typically includes information regarding the
clinical experiences of patients tested in the drug's clin-
ical trials. A Supplemental New Drug Application (SNDA)
or Supplemental Biologics License Application (SBLA)
must be filed for new indications and dosage forms for
a previously approved drug.

Once an application is submitted, the FDA assigns
reviewers from its staff, including experts in biopharma-
ceutics, chemistry, clinical microbiology, pharmacology/
toxicology, and statistics. After a complete review, these
content experts provide written evaluations of the NDA
or BLA. These recommendations are consolidated and
are used by senior FDA staff in its final evaluation of the
NDA or BLA. Based on that final evaluation, the FDA then
provides to the NDA or BLA’s sponsor an approval, or a
“complete response” letter if the NDA or BLA applica-
tion is not approved. If not approved, the letter will state
the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA that need to
be addressed. The sponsor must then submit an ade-
quate response to the deficiencies in order to restart the
review procedure.

Once the FDA has approved an NDA, BLA, sNDA or
sBLA, the company can make the new drug available for
physicians and other healthcare providers to prescribe.
The drug owner must submit periodic reports to the FDA,
including any cases of adverse reactions. For some med-
ications, the FDA requires additional post-approval stud-
ies (Phase IV) to evaluate long-term effects or to gather
information on the use of the product under specified
conditions.

Throughout the life cycle of a product, the FDA
requires compliance with standards relating to good lab-
oratory, clinical and manufacturing practices. The FDA
also requires compliance with rules pertaining to the
manner in which we may promote our products.

European Union

In the EU, there are three main procedures for applica-
tion for authorization to market pharmaceutical products
in more than one EU member state at the same time: the
centralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure
and the decentralized procedure. It is also possible to
obtain a national authorization for products intended for
commercialization in a single EU member state only. The
procedure used for first authorization must continue to
be followed for subsequent changes, e.g., to add an indi-
cation for a licensed product.

34

Under the centralized procedure, applications are
made to the EMA for an authorization that is valid for the
European Union (all member states). The centralized pro-
cedure is mandatory for all biotechnology products; new
chemical entities in cancer, neurodegenerative disor-
ders, diabetes, AIDS, autoimmune diseases and other
immune dysfunctions; advanced therapy medicines,
such as gene therapy, somatic cell therapy and tis-
sue-engineered medicines; and orphan medicines
(medicines for rare diseases). It is optional for other new
chemical entities, innovative medicinal products, and
medicines for which authorization would be in the inter-
est of public health. When a pharmaceutical company
has gathered data that it believes sufficiently demon-
strates a drug's safety, efficacy and quality, the company
may submit an application to the EMA. The EMA then
receives and validates the application, and the special-
ized committee for human medicines, the CHMP, appoints
a rapporteur and co-rapporteur to review it. They use
experts from their countries to carry out the assessment
but can also draw on expertise from other member states
(“multinational teams”). The entire review cycle must be
completed within 210 days, although there are “clock
stops” to allow the company to respond to questions set
forth in the rapporteur and co-rapporteur’s assessment
report and agreed with the CHMP. The first clock stop
is at Day 120 and the clock restarts on Day 121, when the
company’s complete response is received by the EMA.
If there are further aspects of the dossier requiring clar-
ification, the CHMP will issue further questions at Day
180, and may also request an oral explanation, in which
case the sponsor must not only respond to the further
questions but also appear before the committee to jus-
tify its responses. On Day 210, the CHMP will take a vote
to recommend the approval or non-approval of the appli-
cation, and their opinion is transferred to the EC. The
final EC decision under this centralized procedure is a
single decision that is applicable to all member states.
This decision occurs 60 days, on average, after a posi-
tive CHMP recommendation.

Under both the mutual recognition procedure (MRP)
and the decentralized procedure (DCP), the assessment
is led by one member state, called the reference mem-
ber state (RMS) which then liaises with other member
states, known as the concerned member states. In the
MRP, the company first obtains a marketing authoriza-
tion in the RMS, which is then recognized by the con-
cerned member states in 90 days. In the DCP, the appli-
cation is done simultaneously in the RMS and all
concerned member states. During the DCP, the RMS
drafts an assessment report within 120 days. Within an
additional 90 days, the concerned member states review
the application and can issue objections or requests for
additional information. On Day 90, each concerned mem-
ber state must be assured that the product is safe and
effective, and that it will cause no undue risks to the pub-
lic health. Once an agreement has been reached, each
member state grants national marketing authorizations
for the product.

After receiving the marketing authorizations, the
company must submit periodic safety reports to the rel-
evant health authority (EMA for the centralized proce-
dure, national health authorities for DCP or MRP). In addi-
tion, pharmacovigilance measures must be implemented


--- Page 27 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

and monitored, including the collection, evaluation and
expedited reporting of adverse events, and updates to
risk management plans. For some medications, post-ap-
proval studies (Phase IV) may be imposed to comple-
ment available data with additional data to evaluate long-
term effects (called a Post-Approval Safety Study, or
PASS) or to gather additional efficacy data (called a
Post-Approval Efficacy Study, or PAES).

European marketing authorizations have an initial
duration of five years. The holder of the marketing autho-
rization must actively apply for its renewal after this first
five-year period. As part of the renewal procedure, the
competent authority performs a full benefit-risk review
of the product. Should the authority conclude that the
benefit-risk balance is no longer positive, the marketing
authorization can be suspended or revoked. Once
renewed, the marketing authorization is valid for an unlim-
ited period, unless it is determined that the product must
be further monitored for safety reasons. In this case, the
authority may require another renewal at 10 years. If the
holder does not apply for renewal, the marketing autho-
rization automatically lapses. Any marketing authoriza-
tion that is not followed within three years of its granting
by the actual placing on the market of the correspond-
ing medicinal product ceases to be valid.

Price controls

In most of the markets where we operate, the prices of
pharmaceutical products are subject to both direct and
indirect price controls and to drug reimbursement pro-
grams with varying price control mechanisms. Due to
increasing political pressure and governmental budget
constraints, we expect these mechanisms to remain
robust - and potentially even strengthened - and to have
acontinued negative influence on the prices we are able
to charge for our products.

Direct governmental efforts to control prices

United States: The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the
“Act”) was signed into law, which mandates the negoti-
ation of eligible Medicare Part B and Part D drugs; rede-
signs the Medicare Part D benefit, including aUSD 2000
out-of-pocket cap for Medicare beneficiaries; and
imposes penalties for Medicare drugs that increase in
price faster than the rate of inflation. Under the Act, the
US government is required to negotiate the Medicare
prices of single-sourced small molecule drugs that have
been on the market for seven years following FDA
approval as well as single-sourced biologics that have
been on the market for 11 years after FDA approval.

Medicare drugs with the highest total cost to the US
government will be selected for negotiation once they
become eligible. Exemptions include orphan drugs with
an indication for one rare disease or condition, drugs
with a total cost to the US government of less than
USD 200 million, and plasma-derived drugs.

The negotiated price will be publicly available and will
become effective for selected drugs nine years after FDA
approval for eligible small molecules and 13 years after
approval for eligible biologics. The negotiated price will
be implemented as follows:

* 10 eligible Medicare Part D drugs in 2026;

an additional 15 eligible Medicare Part D drugs in 2027;
an additional 15 eligible combined Medicare Part B and
Part D drugs in 2028;

an additional 20 eligible combined Medicare Part B and
Part D drugs in 2029; and

an additional 20 eligible combined Medicare Part B and
Part D drugs each year after 2029

Novartis will participate in the Medicare negotiation pro-
cess if Novartis drugs are selected. Pharmaceutical man-
ufacturers that choose not to participate in the negotia-
tion process will be subject to an excise tax of up to 95%
of sales. Novartis may also be affected by other provi-
sions of the Act, such as price increase penalties for
Medicare Part D drugs starting in 2022 and for Medicare
Part B drugs in 2023, and rebates on eligible Medicare
Part D sales starting in 2025.

In addition, by December 31, 2022, 20 US states had
passed legislation intended to impact pricing or requir-
ing manufacturer price transparency reporting, with
eight of these states also allowing for drug affordability
(i.e., price control) review boards. The disclosure require-
ments vary by state. Many states require multiple types
of reporting, including for new drug applications, new
drug launches, prior notice of price increases, and quar-
terly or annual reporting. It is expected that state legis-
latures will continue to focus on drug pricing in 2023 and
that similar bills will be passed in more states.

Europe: In Europe, our operations are subject to signif-
icant price and marketing regulations. Many govern-
ments are introducing healthcare reforms in a further
attempt to curb increasing healthcare costs. In some
member states, these include reforms to permit the reim-
bursed use of off-label medicines, despite the presence
of licensed alternatives on the market. In the EU, govern-
ments influence the price of pharmaceutical products
through their control of national healthcare systems that
fund a large part of the cost of such products to patients.
The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general
in the EU, particularly with regard to prescription drugs,
is intense. Increasingly strict analyses are applied when
evaluating the entry of new products, and as a result,
access to innovative medicines is limited based on strict
cost-benefit assessments. In addition, prices for mar-
keted products are referenced within member states and
across international borders, further impacting individ-
ual EU member state pricing. Member states also col-
laborate to enhance pricing transparency and have
started conducting joint health technology assessments,
joint pricing negotiations and/or joint purchasing. As an
additional control for healthcare budgets, some EU coun-
tries have passed legislation to impose further manda-
tory rebates for pharmaceutical products and/or finan-
cial claw-backs on the pharmaceutical industry. The
calculation of these rebates and claw-backs may lack
transparency in some cases and can be difficult to pre-
dict.

Regulations favoring generics and biosimilars

In response to rising healthcare costs, most govern-
ments and private medical care providers have estab-
lished reimbursement schemes that favor the substitu-
tion of generic pharmaceuticals for more expensive

35


--- Page 28 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

brand-name pharmaceuticals. All US states have generic
substitution statutes. These statutes permit or require
the dispensing pharmacist to substitute aless expensive
generic drug instead of an original drug. Other countries,
including many European countries, have similar laws.
We expect that the pressure for generic substitution will
continue to increase. In addition, the US, the EU and other
jurisdictions are increasingly introducing laws and regu-
lations encouraging the development of biosimilar ver-
sions of biologic drugs, which can also be expected to
have an impact on pricing.

Cross-border sales

Price controls in one country can have an impact in other
countries as a result of cross-border sales. In the EU,
products that we have sold to customers in countries
with stringent price controls can be legally resold to cus-
tomers in other EU countries at a lower price than the
price at which the product is otherwise available in the
importing country (known as parallel trade). In North
America, products that we have sold to customers in
Canada - which has relatively stringent price controls -
are sometimes resold into the US, again at a lower price
than the price at which the product is otherwise sold in
the US. Such imports from Canada and other countries
into the US are currently illegal in most states. However,
six US states (Colorado, Florida, Minnesota, New Hamp-
shire, New Mexico, and Vermont) have enacted laws
allowing the import of pharmaceutical drugs from select
foreign countries. The Secretary of the US Department
of Health and Human Services (HHS) must certify that
each state’s importation plan is safe and cost-effective
before it can be implemented.

We expect that pressures on pricing will continue
worldwide and will likely increase. Because of these
pressures, there can be no certainty that in every instance
we will be able to charge prices for a product that, ina
particular country or in the aggregate, would enable us
to earn an adequate return on our investment in that
product.

Intellectual property

We attach great importance to intellectual property (IP)
rights - including patents, trademarks, copyrights,
know-how, trade secrets and regulatory data protection
- as essential to our purpose of reimagining medicine to
improve and extend people’s lives, and to protect our
investment in research and development, manufacturing
and marketing. The IP system provides a means to attract
the investments needed to conduct and sustainably
finance innovative R&D, and to manage the risks inher-
ent in our work. For example, we seek IP protection under
applicable laws for significant product developments in
major markets. Among other things, patents may cover
the products themselves, including the product’s active
ingredient or ingredients and its formulation. Patents may
cover processes for manufacturing a product, including
processes for manufacturing intermediate substances
used in the manufacture of the product. Patents may also
cover particular uses of a product, such as its use to treat
a particular disease, or its dosage regimen. In addition,
patents may cover tests for certain diseases or

biomarkers - which can improve patient outcomes when
administered with certain drugs - as well as assays,
research tools and other techniques used to identify new
drugs. The protection afforded, which may vary from
country to country, depends upon the type of patent, its
duration and its scope of coverage.

In the US and other countries, the law recognizes that
product development and review by the FDA and other
health authorities can take an extended period, and pro-
vides an extension of patent term for a period related to
the time taken for the conduct of clinical trials and for
the health authority’s review. However, the length of this
extension and the patents to which it applies cannot be
known in advance and can only be determined after the
product is approved. In practice, it is not uncommon for
patent term extensions (PTEs) or supplementary protec-
tion certificates (SPCs) to not fully account for the time
it took to develop the product and receive marketing
authorization. As a result, it is rarely the case, for exam-
ple, that a ‘product's active ingredient(s) will have a full
patent term at the time the product is approved by the
FDA and other health authorities.

In addition to patent protection, various countries pro-
vide regulatory-based protection, including regulatory
data protection (RDP) and/or other market exclusivities,
for a prescribed period of time. RDP is a distinct type of
IP right providing exclusivity that precludes a potential
competitor from filing a regulatory application that relies
on the sponsor’s clinical trial data, or that precludes the
regulatory authority from approving the application for
a set period of time. The RDP period can vary depend-
ing on the type of data included in the sponsor’s appli-
cation. When itis available, market exclusivity, unlike RDP,
may preclude a competitor from obtaining marketing
approval for a product even if a competitor’s application
relies on its own data. RDP and market exclusivity peri-
ods generally run from the date a product is approved,
and so their expiration dates cannot be known with cer-
tainty until the product approval date is known and exclu-
sivity has been granted by the relevant authorities.

United States

Patents

In the US, a patent issued from an application filed today
will receive a term of 20 years from the earliest applica-
tion filing date, subject to potential patent term adjust-
ments for delays in patent issuance based upon certain
delays in prosecution by the United States Patent and
Trademark Office (USPTO). A US pharmaceutical patent
that claims a product, method of treatment using a prod-
uct, or method of manufacturing a product may also be
eligible for a PTE. This type of extension may only extend
the patent term for amaximum of five years, and may not
extend the patent term beyond 14 years from regulatory
approval. Only one patent may be extended for a prod-
uct based on FDA review.

RDP and market exclusivity

Separate from patent exclusivities, the FDA may provide

regulatory-based protection, which runs in parallel to any

patent protection.

*« Anew small-molecule active pharmaceutical ingredi-
ent receives five years of RDP, during which time acom-
petitor generally may not obtain final approval of an

36


--- Page 29 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

application to the FDA based on a sponsor’s clinical
data.
A new biologic active pharmaceutical ingredient
receives 12 years of regulatory-based market exclusiv-
ity, during which time a competitor generally may not
market the same or similar drug.
The FDA may also request that a sponsor conduct
pediatric studies and, in exchange, it will grant an addi-
tional six-month period of pediatric market exclusivity
if the sponsor makes a timely submission of the reports
of the pediatric studies in response to the FDA's Writ-
ten Request. The sponsor must also have a pat-
ent-based and/or regulatory-based exclusivity period
for the product to which the pediatric market exclusiv-
ity is appended.

* Orphan drug exclusivity provides seven years of mar-
ket exclusivity for drugs designated by the FDA as
orphan drugs, meaning drugs that treat rare diseases.
During this period, a potential competitor generally may
not market the same or similar drug for the same indi-
cation even if the competitor’s application does not rely
on data from the sponsor.

European Union

Patents

Patent applications in Europe may be filed in the Euro-
pean Patent Office (EPO) or in a particular country or
countries. The EPO system permits a single application
to be granted for the EU plus other non-EU countries
such as Switzerland, Turkey and the UK. When the EPO
grants a patent, it is then validated in the countries that
the patent owner designates. The term of a patent
granted by the EPO or a European country office is
20 years from the earliest application filing date. Phar-
maceutical patents can be granted a further period of
exclusivity under the SPC system. SPCs are designed,
in part, to account for the time taken to receive market-
ing authorization of a product by the European health
authorities. An SPC may be granted to provide, in com-
bination with the patent, up to 15 years of exclusivity from
the date of the first European marketing authorization.
However, an SPC cannot last longer than five years. The
SPC duration may be extended by a further six months
if the product is the subject of an agreed and success-
fully completed pediatric investigation plan. The
post-grant phase of patents, including the SPC system,
is currently administered on a country-by-country basis
under national laws that, while differing, are intended to
(but do not always) have the same effect.

RDP and market exclusivity

Separate from patent exclusivities, the EU provides a
system of regulatory data protection for authorized
human medicines that runs in parallel to any patent pro-
tection. The system for new drugs being approved today
is usually referred to as “8+2+1” because it provides an
initial period of eight years of data protection, during
which a competitor cannot rely on the relevant data; a
further period of two years of market exclusivity, during
which the data can be used to support applications for
marketing authorization but a competitive product can-
not be launched; and a possible one-year extension of
the market exclusivity period if, during the initial eight-year

37

data exclusivity period, the sponsor registered a new
therapeutic indication with “significant clinical benefit.”
This system generally applies both to national and cen-
tralized authorizations in the EU plus other non-EU coun-
tries such as the UK.

The EU also has an orphan drug exclusivity system
for medicines. If a medicine is designated as an orphan
drug, then it benefits from 10 years of market exclusivity
after it is authorized, during which time an application for
the same or similar medicine for the same indication will
not generally be accepted or granted. Under certain cir-
cumstances, this exclusivity can be extended with a
two-year pediatric extension.

Third-party patents and challenges to intellectual
property

Third parties can challenge our IP, including patents, pat-
ent term extensions, RDP and marketing exclusivities
(such as pediatric extensions and orphan drug exclusiv-
ity), through various proceedings. For example, patents
in the US can be challenged in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office (USPTO) through various pro-
ceedings, including Inter Partes Review (IPR) and Post-
Grant Review (PGR) proceedings. They may also be chal-
lenged through patent infringement litigation under the
Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) provisions of
the Hatch-Waxman Act or under the Biologics Price
Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA). In the EU, pat-
ents may be challenged through oppositions in the EPO,
or national patents may be challenged in national courts
or national patent offices. The outcomes of such chal-
lenges can be difficult to predict.

In addition to directly challenging our IP rights, in
some circumstances a competitor may be able to mar-
ket a generic version of one of our products by, for exam-
ple, designing around our patents or marketing the
generic product for non-patent-protected indications, or
filing a separate New Drug Application (NDA) under the
Hatch-Waxman Act (typically referred to as a 505(b)(2)
application). Despite RDP, acompetitor could opt to incur
the costs of conducting its own clinical trials and prepar-
ing its own regulatory application, and avoid our RDP
altogether. There is a risk that some countries may seek
to impose limitations on or seek not to recognize the
availability of IP rights for pharmaceutical products, or
limit the extent to which such rights may be enforced.
Also, even though we may own, co-own or in-license pat-
ents protecting our products, and conduct free-
dom-to-operate analyses, a third party may nevertheless
assert that one of our products infringes a third-party
patent for which we do not have a license, seeking rem-
edies such as monetary damages or an injunction against
our continued marketing of the product.

As a result, there can be no assurance that our IP
rights will protect our products or that we will be able to
avoid adverse effects from the loss of IP protection or
from third-party patents in the future.

Intellectual property protection for certain key

marketed products and compounds in development
We present additional details below regarding certain IP
protection for the listed Innovative Medicines Division
products. For each, we identify issued, unexpired


--- Page 30 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

patents by their general subject matter and, in parenthe-
ses, years of expiry, if relevant, in the US and the EU. The
identified patents are owned, co-owned or exclusively
in-licensed by Novartis and relate to at least one dosage
strength of the product or to the method of treatment or
its use as it is currently approved and marketed or, in the
case of a compound in development, as it is currently
submitted to the FDA and/or the EMA for approval. Iden-
tification of an EU patent refers to national patents in EU
countries and/or to the national patents that have been
derived from a patent granted by the EPO. Novartis may
own, co-own, control or have rights to additional patents,
for example, relating to compound forms, methods of
treatment or use, formulations, devices, processes, prod-
uct-by-process, synthesis, purification and detection.

We identify unexpired RDP periods and, in parenthe-
ses, years of expiry if the relevant marketing authoriza-
tions have been authorized or granted. We identify cer-
tain unexpired patent term extensions and marketing
exclusivities and, in parentheses, years of expiry if they
are granted; their subject matter scope may be limited
and is not specified. Marketing exclusivities and patent
term extensions include orphan drug exclusivity (ODE),
pediatric exclusivity (PE), patent term extension (PTE)
and supplementary protection certificate (SPC). We des-
ignate these as “pending” if they have been applied for
but not granted and include years of expiry if estimable.
Such pending applications ultimately may or may not be
granted.

In the case of the EU, identification of a patent, sup-
plementary protection certificate, marketing exclusivity
or regulatory data protection means grant, authorization
and maintenance in at least one EU country or the UK.
However, it could be pending, not granted, expired or
found invalid in others.

For each product below, we indicate whether there
is current generic or biosimilar competition for one or
more product versions in one or more approved indica-
tions in either the US or one or more EU countries, if IP
is otherwise disclosed. We identify certain enforcement
actions, or ongoing challenges to the disclosed IP, includ-
ing IPRs or PGRs if instituted by the USPTO, that have
not been finally resolved (including appeals) unless
noted. Challenges identified as being in administrative
entities, such as national patent offices, include judicial
appeals from decisions of those entities. Resolution of
challenges to the disclosed IP, which in the EU may
involve IP in one or more EU countries, may include set-
tlement agreements under which Novartis permits or
does not permit future launch of generic versions of our
products before expiration of that IP. We identify certain
material terms of such settlement agreements where
they could have a material adverse effect on our busi-
ness. In other cases, such settlement agreements may
contain confidentiality obligations restricting what may
be disclosed.

In the event that a product listed below does not have
identified patents as described above, we provide infor-
mation only on generic competition.

For additional information regarding commercial arrange-
ments with respect to these products, see “—Key mar-
keted products.”

38

Cardiovascular

+ Entresto. US: Four patents on combination (2023 (4)),
PTE (2025), four PEs (2023, 2023, 2024, 2025); two
patents on complex (2026, 2027), two PEs (2027,
2027); three patents on methods of treatment (2033
(3)); patent on dosage regimen (2036); RDP for new
pediatric patient population (2022), PE (2023); RDP for
labeling changes related to new clinical investigation
(2024). EU: Patent on combination (2023), SPC (2028);
two patents on complex (2026, 2026), two SPCs
(2030, 2030); patent on formulation (2028); patent on
method of use (2034); RDP (2025). There is no generic
competition in the US or the EU. In the US, two combi-
nation patents, the two complex patents, and the dos-
age regimen patent are being challenged in ANDA pro-
ceedings against generic manufacturers. In the EU, one
complex patent and the use patent are being opposed
in the EPO. In some EU countries, the combination pat-
ent or its associated SPC is being challenged by
generic manufacturers.

Leqvio. US: Two patents on composition of matter
(2027, 2034), PTE pending (2035); two patents on
method of treatment and dosing regimen (2027, 2036);
RDP (2026). EU: One patent on composition of matter
(2033), SPC (2035); RDP (2030). There is no generic
competition in the US or the EU.

Immunology

+ Cosentyx. US: Five patents on composition of matter
(2025 (4), 2026), PTE (2029); patent on psoriatic arthri-
tis use (2031); patent on psoriasis use (2032); two pat-
ents on ankylosing spondylitis use (2032, 2033); RDP
(2027). EU: Four patents on composition of matter
(2025 (4)), SPC (2030), PE (2030); patent on psoriasis
use (2031); patent on ankylosing spondylitis use (2031);
RDP (2026). There is no generic competition in the US
or the EU. In the EU, the patent on ankylosing spondy-
litis use is being opposed in the EPO.

* Xolair. US: Two patents on syringe formulation (2024,

2025). EU: Three patents on syringe formulation (2024,

2024, 2025). There is no generic competition in the US

or the EU.

Iaris. US: Patent on composition of matter (2024); pat-
ent on cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes use
(2026); patent on familial Mediterranean fever (FMF)
use (2026); patent on systemic onset juvenile idiopathic
arthritis (SUIA) use (2028); patent on hyperimmuno-
globulin D syndrome and tumor necrosis factor recep-
tor-associated periodic syndrome use (2029); patent
on formulation (2029). EU: Patent on composition of
matter (2021), SPC (2024), PE (2025); patent on SJIA
use (2026); patent on FMF use (2026); two patents on
formulation (2029, 2029). There is no generic compe-
tition in the US or the EU.

Neuroscience

* Gilenya. US: Patent on dosage regimen (2027), PE
(2027); patent on 0.25 mg formulation (2032), PE
(2032); patent on method of treatment (2027). EU: Pat-
ent on formulation (2024), SPC (2026); patent on


--- Page 31 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

0.25 mg formulation (2032); patent on dosing regimen
(2027). There is generic competition in the US and in
most EU countries. In the US, the dosage regimen pat-
ent was challenged in ANDA proceedings against a
generic manufacturer and was found invalid by the US
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in June 2022.
Novartis has filed a petition seeking further review with
the US Supreme Court. Novartis is also enforcing the
method of treatment patent against a generic manu-
facturer. In the EU, Novartis is enforcing the dosing reg-
imen patent against generic manufacturers. The dos-
ing regimen patent is being opposed in the EPO.

Zolgensma. US: Four patents on composition of mat-
ter (2024, 2024, 2026, 2033), PTE pending (2029);
three patents on methods of treatment (2028, 2028,
2029); ODE for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in
patients less than 2 years old with biallelic mutations
in the SMN1 gene (2026); RDP (2031). EU: Three pat-
ents on composition of matter (2024, 2024, 2028), SPC
(2029); two patents on methods of use (2028, 2028),
SPC (2033), SPC pending (2033); ODE for SMA in
patients with a biallelic mutation in the SMN1 gene and
a Clinical diagnosis of SMA type 1, or patients with a
biallelic mutation in the SMN1 gene and up to three cop-
ies of the SMN2 gene (2030); RDP (2030). There is no
generic competition in the US or the EU.

Kesimpta. US: Patent on compound (2031); patent on
dosing regimen (2037). EU: Patent on compound
(2023); patent on use (2023), SPC (2028); patent on
formulation (2028), patent on formulation and use
(2028), SPC (2033); patent on dosing regimen (2037).
There is no generic competition in the US or the EU.

Solid Tumor
+ Tafinlar and Mekinist.

Tafinlar. US: Two patents on compound (2030, 2030);
patent on method of treatment (2029). EU: Patent on
compound (2029); RDP (2024). There is no generic
competition in the US or the EU.

Mekinist. US: Patent on compound (2025), PTE (2027);
patent on method of treatment (2025); four patents on
formulation (2032 (4)). EU: Patent on compound (2025),
SPC (2029); patent on formulation (2031); RDP (2025).
There is no generic competition in the US or the EU. In
the EU, the formulation patent is being opposed in the
EPO.

Use of Mekinist with Tafinlar or Tafinlar with Mekinist.
US: Patent on combination (2030); four patents on
method of use of combination (2025, 2030, 2030,
2033); ODE on non-small cell lung cancer (2024); ODE
on adjuvant treatment of melanoma (2025); ODE on
anaplastic thyroid cancer (2025); ODE on metastatic
solid tumors (2025). EU: Patent on combination (2030);
patent on adjuvant for melanoma use (2033). There is
no generic competition in the US or the EU. In the EU,
the adjuvant use patent is being opposed in the EPO.

* Kisqali. US: Three patents on compound (2028, 2030,
2031), PTE (2031); three patents on methods of treat-
ment (2029, 2029, 2031); patent on salt form (2031);
patent for tablet formulation (2036). EU: Patent on com-
pound (2027); patent on compound (2029), SPC
(2032); patent on salt form (2031); patent on methods
of use with letrozole (2034); patent on formulation
(2036); RDP (2027). There is no generic competition
in the US or the EU. In the US, the three compound pat-
ents, the three method of treatment patents, the salt
patent and the formulation patent are being challenged
in ANDA proceedings against generic manufacturers.
In the EU, the method of use patent is being opposed
in the EPO.

Piqray. US: Patent on compound (2029); patent on com-
pound and use (2029), PTE pending (2033); RDP
(2024). EU: Patent on compound and use (2029), SPC
(2034); RDP (2030). There is no generic competition
in the US or the EU.

Pluvicto. US: Three patents on composition of matter
(2028, 2028, 2034); RDP (2027). PTE pending. EU:
RDP (2032). There is no generic competition in the US
or the EU.

Hematology

+ Promacta/Revolade. US: Patent on compound (2021),
PTE (2022), PE (2023); patent on method of enhanc-
ing platelet production using salt (2023), PE (2023);
patent on salt form and thrombocytopenia use (2025),
PE (2026); five patents on tablet formulations of differ-
ent dose strengths (2027 (5)), five PEs (2028 (5)); ODE
on severe aplastic anemia patients in combination with
standard immunosuppressive therapy (2025). EU: Pat-
ent on compound (2021), SPC (2025), PE (2025); pat-
ent on salt form (2023); patent on severe aplastic ane-
mia use (2028). There is no generic competition in the
US or the EU. In the US, generic manufacturers have
filed ANDAs challenging certain patents other than the
compound patent. In the EU, the severe aplastic ane-
mia use patent is being opposed in the EPO.

+ Tasigna. US: Patent on compound (2023), PE (2024);
two patents on salt forms (2026, 2028), two PEs (2027,
2029); patent on polymorph compound form (2026),
PE (2027); two patents on capsule form (2026, 2027),
two PEs (2027, 2028); patent on method of treatment
(2032), PE (2032). EU: Patent on compound (2023);
patent on salt form (2026); patent on polymorph com-
pound form (2026); patent on capsule form (2027); pat-
ent on method of treatment (2030). There is no generic
competition in the US or the EU. In the US, generic man-
ufacturers have filed ANDAs challenging certain pat-
ents other than the compound patent.

Jakavi. EU: Patent on compound (2026), SPC (2027);
two patents on salt form (2028, 2028); patent on com-
pound for polycythemia vera (PV) use (2026); patent
on salt form for graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) use
(2028). There is no generic competition in the EU.

39


--- Page 32 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

* Scemblix. US: Patent on compound (2033), PTE pend-
ing (2035); Patent on polymorph compound form
(2040); RDP (2026); ODE (2028). EU: Patent on com-
pound (2033), SPC pending (2037); RDP (2032);
ODE (2032). There is no generic competition in the US
or the EU.

Other Promoted Brands
- Lucentis. EU: There is generic competition in some EU
markets.

« Xiidra. US: Four patents on compound (2024, 2024,
2025, 2026); two patents on formulation (2024, 2033);
five patents on method of treatment (2024, 2024, 2026,
2029, 2029); one patent on polymorph compound form
(2029). PTE pending. There is no generic competition
in the US. Xiidra is not marketed in the EU. In the US,
the compound, compound and use, formulation,
method of treatment, and polymorph compound form
patents are being challenged in ANDA proceedings
against generic manufacturers.

Sandoz

Our Sandoz Division is a global leader in generic
pharmaceuticals and biosimilars, and sells products in
well over 100 countries. In 2022, the Sandoz Division
achieved consolidated net sales of USD 9.2 billion, rep-
resenting 18.3% of the Group’s total net sales. Sandoz
develops, manufactures and markets finished dosage
form medicines as well as intermediary products includ-
ing active pharmaceutical ingredients.

Sandoz is organized globally into three franchises:
Retail Generics, Anti-Infectives and Biopharmaceuticals.
In Retail Generics, Sandoz develops, manufactures and
markets finished dosage forms of small-molecule
pharmaceuticals for sale to third parties across a broad
range of therapeutic areas, including finished dosage
form anti-infectives sold to third parties. In Anti-Infec-
tives, Sandoz manufactures and supplies active pharma-
ceutical ingredients and intermediates - mainly antibiot-
ics - for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale to
third-party customers. In Biopharmaceuticals, Sandoz
develops, manufactures and markets protein- and other
biotechnology-based products, including biosimilars.

The Sandoz strategic ambition is to be the world’s
leading and most valued generics and biosimilars com-
pany . Our divisional strategy focuses on three areas:
developing a broad and consistent pipeline of generic
and biosimilar launches across key geographies and
across a broad range of therapeutic areas; positioning
Sandoz to be “first in” by having a strong pipeline with a
focus on being first to market and “last out” by way of
competitive costs and stable supply; and instilling a true
“generic mindset,” with a focus on priorities, simple and
rapid decision-making, and focused resource allocation.

Sandoz is a global market leader in biosimilars, with
a total of eight approved and marketed products, and a
pipeline of over 15 molecules. In addition to internally
developed projects, our biosimilar portfolio comprises

Established Brands
+ Sandostatin SC and Sandostatin LAR:

Sandostatin SC: There is generic competition in the US
and the EU.

Sandostatin LAR: There is generic competition in most
EU countries but no generic competition in the US.

Compounds in development
We provide certain patent information for non-marketed
compounds in development that have been submitted to
the FDA and/or the EMA for registration but have not yet
been approved by either agency. For these products,
Novartis will seek all appropriate RDP, will continue to
seek additional intellectual property protection for sig-
nificant product developments, and will apply for PTEs
and SPCs in keeping with the great importance we attach
to intellectual property.
+ VDT482 (tislelizumab). US: Patent on composition of
matter (2033). EU: Patent on composition of matter
(2033).

publicly announced commercialization agreements with
BioCon, Gan & Lee, EirGenix, Polpharma Biologics and
Bio-Thera Solutions Ltd. Availability of our biosimilars
varies by country.

Sandoz is also the global market leader in generic
antibiotics. Its Kundl, Austria, manufacturing site is the
hub of the last fully vertically integrated penicillin pro-
duction chain in Europe, which offers certain competi-
tive advantages including added supply chain resilience.

In January 2020, we closed the previously announced
acquisition of the Japanese business of Aspen Global
Incorporated, consisting of off-patent branded medicines
with a focus on anesthetics and specialty brands.

In July 2020, Sandoz and the Austrian government
announced a planned combined investment of more than
EUR 150 million to enhance the long-term competitive-
ness and supply resilience of European production for
key antibiotics.

In May 2021, Sandoz confirmed details of a previously
announced investment of EUR 100 million in antibiotic
manufacturing technology for its Kundl, Austria, manu-
facturing site, and announced an additional EUR 50 mil-
lion investment in a new sterile production line in Pala-
folls, Spain. In November 2022, Sandoz announced an
additional EUR 50 millioninvestment to supportincreased
manufacturing capacity for finished dosage form peni-
cillin at its Kundl, Austria, manufacturing site.

In October 2021, Sandoz announced that its planned
acquisition of GSK’s global cephalosporin antibiotics
business, first announced in February 2021, had been
successfully closed.

On October 1, 2021, Sandoz Inc., the US subsidiary
of Sandoz, entered into a settlement agreement with the
Civil Division of the US Department of Justice (DOJ) con-
cerning the department's years-long pricing investiga-
tion into the US generic drug industry. This settlement

40


--- Page 33 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

was an expected outcome of the resolution the company
reached in March 2020 with the DOJ Antitrust Division
regarding the same investigation and underlying con-
duct. As part of the settlement, Sandoz agreed to cer-
tain corporate integrity obligations as part of acorporate
integrity agreement with the Office of Inspector General
of the US Department of Health and Human Services,
which have now beenimplemented. The settlement con-
tains no new factual allegations against Sandoz and, in
2020, the Group fully provisioned for this settlement and
disclosed the agreementin principle as part of the March
2020 resolution. For more information, see “Item 18.
Financial Statements—Note 20. Provisions and other
non-current liabilities.”

In August 2022, Novartis announced its intention to
separate the Sandoz business to create a standalone
company by way of a 100% spin-off, concluding the

Key marketed products

Strategic Review announced in October 2021. The Stra-
tegic Review determined that a 100% spin-off would be
in the best interests of shareholders as it would create
two standalone companies focused on their respective
growth strategies. The new company is planned to be
incorporated in Switzerland and to be listed on the SIX
Swiss Exchange, with an American Depositary Receipt
(ADR) program in the US. Completion of the transaction
is subject to certain conditions, including consultation
with works councils and employee representatives (as
required), general market conditions, tax rulings and
opinions, final Board of Directors endorsement and
shareholder approval in line with Swiss corporate law.
The transaction is expected to be generally tax neutral
to Novartis, with completion expected in the second half
of 2023.

The Sandoz global portfolio covers a wide range of therapeutic areas. The following are some of the Sandoz key
marketed products in each of its franchises (availability varies by market):

Retail Generics

Product Originator drug Description
Amoxicillin/clavulanic acid Augmentin” Antibiotic

Zoledronic acid Aclasta Osteoporosis treatment
Acetylcysteine Various Mucolytic agent
Tacrolimus Various Immunosuppressive agent
Anti-Infectives

Active ingredients Description

Oral and sterile penicillins Anti-infectives

Oral and sterile cephalosporins Anti-infectives

Clavulanic acid and mixtures with clavulanic acid

Beta-lactam inhibitors

Classical and semisynthetic macrolides Anti-infectives

Intermediates Description

Various cephalosporin intermediates Anti-infectives

Macrolide base intermediates Anti-infectives

Various crude compounds produced by fermentation

Cyclosporine, ascomycin, rapamycin, mycophenolic acid, etc.

a4


--- Page 34 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Biopharmaceuticals

Product Originator drug Description

Omnitrope Genotropin® Recombinant human growth hormone to treat growth
disorders and growth hormone deficiency

Binocrit and Epoetin alfa Hexal Eprex’/Erypo” Recombinant protein (erythropoiesis-stimulating) agent
to treat anemia

Zarzio, Zarxio and Filgrastim Hexal Neupogen” Recombinant protein (granulocyte colony-stimulating
factor, short-acting) used in oncology

Glatopa Copaxone * Treatment for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis

Erelzi’ Enbrel” Fusion protein (TNF-alpha receptor) to treat multiple
immune-mediated inflammatory diseases

Rixathon MabThera® Chimeric monoclonal antibody (directed against
CD20 protein on B-cells) to treat blood cancers
and immunological diseases

Hyrimoz Humira® Monoclonal antibody (TNF-alpha antibody) to treat multiple
immune-mediated inflammatory diseases

Zessly Remicade * Monoclonal antibody (TNF-alpha antibody) to treat multiple
immune-mediated inflammatory diseases

Ziextenzo Neulasta® PEGylated form of a recombinant human granulocyte

colony-stimulating factor (long-acting) to

reduce duration of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia
and incidence of chemotherapy-induced febrile
neutropenia

+ Approved in the US in 2016. In patent litigation with Amgen, which markets Enbre!®, the US District Court of New Jersey ruled against Sandoz in August 2019, which was upheld on
appeal. The decision is final and Sandoz cannot launch its Erelzi product in the US until 2029.

Selected development projects — biosimilars in Phase Ill development and
registration

The following table describes Sandoz biosimilar projects that are in registration trial or in registration with a regu-
latory agency (including filing preparation):

Project/ Common Route of

product name (INN) Mechanism of action Potential indication/indications Therapeutic areas administration _ Current phase

@p24ait denosumab —Anti-RANKL Osteoporosis (same as originator) Endocrinology, Subcutaneous Phase Ill
monoclonal antibody Neurology

SOK583 —_aflibercept__- Recombinant fusion protein Ophthalmology indication (same as originator) Ophthalmology Intravitreal Phase Ill
that blocks VEGF-A.

EGIO14A1*  trastuzumab —Anti-HER2 recombinant HER2+ cancer tumors Oncology Intravenous Registration
IgG1, humanized
monoclonal antibody

DST356A1? natalizumab —_Anti-alphad integrin Multiple sclerosis and Crohn's disease Neurology, Intravenous Registration
monoclonal antibody Immunology (US only)

HFT896, —_insulin glargine, Long-acting (HFT896)/ Diabetes Endocrinology, Subcutaneous Phase lll/

SMQ969, _lispro, aspart _rapid-acting insulin Diabetology Phase |

PYB106"

WVF879 —_bevacizumab Recombinant humanized —_ Solid tumors Oncology Intravenous Registration

monoclonal antibody that
blocks VEGF

* Development in collaboration with EirGenix, Inc.

® Development in collaboration with Polpharma Biologics
® Development in collaboration with Gan & Lee

* Development in collaboration with Bio-Thera Solutions

42


--- Page 35 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Principal markets

The two largest generics markets in the world - the US and Europe - are the principal markets for Sandoz. The
following table sets forth the aggregate 2022 net sales of Sandoz by region:

Sandoz
2022 net sales
to third parties
USD millions %
Europe 4913 53
United States 1754 19
Asia, Africa, Australasia 1613 17
Canada and Latin America 969 11
Total 9249 100
Of which in Established Markets‘ 6 460 70
Of which in Emerging Growth Markets ' 2789 30

* Emerging Growth Markets comprise all markets other than the Established Markets of the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

Many Sandoz products are used for chronic conditions that require patients to consume the product over long peri-
ods of time, from months to years. Sales of our anti-infective products and over-the-counter cough and cold prod-
ucts are subject to material changes in seasonal demand, while sales of the vast majority of our other products are
not. The COVID-19 pandemic has substantially impacted seasonal variation in recent years.

Production

For information on the production of our products, see
“—Item 4.B Business overview—Innovative Medicines—
Production.”

In September 2020, as part of a broader reorganiza-
tion of Novartis Technical Operations (NTO), we estab-
lished the Sandoz Technical Operations (STO) platform
within NTO. STO focuses on producing generic medicines
for Sandoz, as well as related external supply operations
and supply chain. In October 2021, Sandoz created a
new position, Global Head, Sandoz Operations. This new,
broader role, includes full operational and financial
accountability for manufacturing and supply as of Jan-
uary 1, 2023, and was established in anticipation of the
intended Sandoz 100% spin-off.

Due to impurities found in the active ingredient
batches sourced from third-party manufacturers, we
recalled Sandoz valsartan, losartan and irbesartan prod-
ucts in the second half of 2018 and the first quarter of
2019, and ranitidine film-coated tablets in the second
half of 2019, from several markets, in line with our qual-
ity standards for all of our marketed products. The dis-
covery of nitrosamines in some types of drug products
led several health regulators (e.g., EMA, FDA and others)
to conduct a detailed analysis of these impurities in
affected medicinal products. Novartis works with health
authorities around the world to continuously review all
chemical and biological human medicines for the possi-
ble presence of nitrosamines. The EMA, FDA and other
health authorities have provided guidance to the phar-
maceutical industry to prevent unacceptable levels of
nitrosamines in medicines. The EMA review concluded
in March 2021 for chemical human medicines and in July
2021 for biological human medicines. Based on guidance
from health authorities, any chemical and/or biological
human medicines products identified with a potential risk
for nitrosamines will undergo further testing. For these

43

products, we have provided initial testing and potential
control strategy updates to the EMA and other health
authorities. Due to constant and rapidly evolving health
authority requirements, the risk assessment and related
testing that we may be required to perform may increase.
We will submit and communicate the final outcome of
any risk assessment and related testing to the relevant
health authorities within their expected time frame, and
make changes to the control strategy update, if neces-
sary.

Beginning in September 2021, we initiated a volun-
tary recall of all finished product batches of losartan and
losartan HCT products exceeding or potentially exceed-
ing acceptable regulatory limits of the losartan azide
impurity in the losartan drug substance. This impurity,
which is viewed as an industrywide issue, was initially
considered a mutagen that may increase the risk of can-
cer over time if allowed to rise above certain levels. This
recall was unrelated to the nitrosamine-related recalls
described above, and supply was re-established in
March 2022. Since the voluntary recall, further informa-
tion has been provided to the EMA by Novartis and other
companies in the industry, and the EMA has concluded
that the losartan azide impurity is to be classified as a
non-mutagenic impurity.

Marketing and sales

Sandoz sells a broad portfolio of products, including the
products of our Retail Generics franchise and biosimi-
lars, to wholesalers, pharmacies, hospitals and other
healthcare outlets. Sandoz adapts its marketing and
sales approach to local decision-making processes,
depending on the structure of the market in each coun-
try.

In response to rising healthcare costs, many govern-
ments and private medical care providers, such as health


--- Page 36 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

maintenance organizations, have instituted reimburse-
ment schemes that favor the substitution of bioequiva-
lent generic versions of originator pharmaceutical prod-
ucts, such as those sold by our Retail Generics franchise.
In the US, statutes have been enacted by all states that
permit or require pharmacists to substitute a less expen-
sive generic product for the brand-name version of a
drug that has been prescribed to a patient. Generic use
is growing in Europe, but penetration rates in many EU
countries (as a percentage of volume) remain well below
those in the US.

Recent trends have been toward continued consoli-
dation among distributors and retailers of Sandoz prod-
ucts, both in the US and internationally, which has
increased our customers’ purchasing leverage.

Legislative or regulatory changes can have a signifi-
cant impact on our business in a country. For more infor-
mation on such changes, see “—Item 4.B Business over-
view—Innovative Medicines—Price controls.”

Our Anti-Infectives franchise supplies active phar-
maceutical ingredients and intermediates - mainly anti-
biotics - for internal use by Retail Generics and for sale
to the pharmaceutical industry worldwide.

Our Biopharmaceuticals franchise operates in an
already mature market framework in Europe and some
other markets, while the business environment is rapidly
evolving in the US and many international markets. Reg-
ulatory pathways for approving biosimilar products are
at various stages of maturity by market, but in some
cases are still relatively new or still in development. Pol-
icies have not yet been fully defined or implemented
regarding the substitution and reimbursement of biosim-
ilars in many markets, including the US.

Competition

The market for generic products is characterized by
increasing demand for high-quality pharmaceuticals that
can be marketed at lower costs due to comparatively
minimal initial research and development investments.
Increasing pressure on healthcare expenditure and
numerous patent and data exclusivity period expirations
have encouraged more generic product launches, result-
ing in increased competition among the companies sell-
ing generic pharmaceutical products, leading to ongoing
price pressure. In particular, Sandoz faces increased
industrywide pressure on prices for generic products,
particularly in the US, driven by factors including cus-
tomer consolidation and growing competition from other
manufacturers of generic medicines. These factors con-
tributed to a decline in industrywide US sales that began
in 2017 and continued through 2022.

Development and registration

Development of Sandoz Biopharmaceuticals is jointly
overseen by Sandoz and GDD, and is governed by the
IMB. Development and registration activities for Retail
Generics products, and registration activities for Bio-
pharmaceuticals products, are also overseen by Sandoz.

Before a generic pharmaceutical may be marketed,
intensive technical and clinical development work must
be performed to demonstrate, in bioavailability studies,
the bioequivalence of the generic product to the

reference product. Nevertheless, research and develop-
ment costs associated with generic pharmaceuticals are
generally much lower than those of the originator
pharmaceuticals, as no original drug discovery, preclin-
ical studies or clinical trials on dose finding, safety and
efficacy are typically performed by the generics com-
pany. As a result, the different focus and lower costs of
the generic pharmaceutical model ultimately allow
generic pharmaceutical products to be offered at lower
prices, which support and contribute to the cost contain-
ment goals of healthcare systems.

While generic pharmaceuticals are follow-on ver-
sions of chemically synthesized molecules, biosimilar
products contain a version of the active substance of an
already approved biological reference medicine. Due to
the inherent variability and complexity of biologic prod-
ucts, including batch-to-batch differences and variations
following manufacturing changes, the development and
the regulatory pathway of biosimilars differ significantly
from that of generics.

The development of a biosimilar product is much
more technically challenging than the development of a
typical generic small-molecule pharmaceutical. While
generic pharmaceuticals normally do not require clinical
studies in patients, regulators worldwide do still require
such targeted studies for biosimilar products. Interna-
tional regulators are nonetheless increasingly discuss-
ing the potential for “tailored development” (which refers
to proposals that seek to implement a more efficient and
expedited biosimilar development process that elimi-
nates the current need for comparative clinical efficacy
and safety studies of biosimilars, without any resulting
compromise on quality, safety or efficacy) for certain
molecules. Biosimilars are engineered to match the ref-
erence medicine in quality, safety and efficacy. This is
achieved by systematically defining the target range of
the reference medicine and then comparing the biosim-
ilar to the reference medicine at various development
stages to confirm biosimilarity and to establish that there
are no Clinically meaningful differences between the pro-
posed biosimilar and the reference biologic. Because
the purpose of a biosimilar clinical development program
is to confirm biosimilarity and not to establish efficacy
and safety de novo, the clinical studies required are less
than those required for a reference biologic. Therefore,
the cost of development for a biosimilar is usually less
than that of a reference biologic.

The development and registration staff employed by
affiliates of the Sandoz Division are based worldwide,
including at facilities in Holzkirchen, Germany; Hyder-
abad, India; Kundl, Austria; Ljubljana, Slovenia; and
Rudolstadt, Germany. In November 2020, Sandoz com-
pleted (i) the previously announced closure of the Holz-
kirchen, Germany, development and registration site,
with the exception of patch development and the proj-
ect management group, and (ii) the closure of the prod-
uct development and registration site as well as the main-
tenance and development regulatory centersin Unterach,
Austria. We conduct an ongoing review of our global
development and regulatory network to consolidate and
streamline operations and optimize our network struc-
ture to enable Sandoz to compete sustainably in an
increasingly challenging generics environment. In 2021,
Sandoz completed the previously announced closures
of its maintenance regulatory center in Barleben, Ger-
many, its Fougera development center located in

44


--- Page 37 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

Melville, New York, as well as its product development
center in Boucherville, Canada.

Regulation

Generics

The Hatch-Waxman Act in the US (and similar legislation
in the EU and in other countries) eliminated the require-
ment that manufacturers of generic pharmaceuticals
repeat the extensive clinical trials required for reference
products, so long as the generic version could be shown
to be therapeutically equivalent to the reference prod-
uct.

In the US, the decision on whether a generic phar-
maceutical is therapeutically equivalent to the original
product is made by the FDA based on an Abbreviated
New Drug Application (ANDA) filed by the generic prod-
uct’s manufacturer. An ANDA is generally permitted to
be filed four years after the initial approval of the refer-
ence product and generally cannot be fully approved by
the FDA until any regulatory exclusivity of the reference
product has expired. The process typically takes nearly
two years from the filing of the ANDA until FDA approval.
However, delays can occur if issues arise, for example,
regarding the interpretation of bioequivalence study
data, labeling requirements for the generic product, or
qualifying the supply of active ingredients. In addition,
the Hatch-Waxman Act requires a generic manufacturer
to certify in certain situations that the generic product
does not infringe on any current applicable patents on
the product held by the holder of the marketing authori-
zation for the reference product, or to certify that such
patents are invalid. This certification often results in a
patent infringement lawsuit being brought against the
generics company. In the event of such a lawsuit, the
Hatch-Waxman Act imposes an automatic 30-month
stay in the approval of the ANDA to allow the parties to
resolve the intellectual property issues. For generic
applicants who are the first to file their ANDA containing
acertification claiming non-infringement or patent inva-
lidity, the Hatch-Waxman Act generally provides those
applicants with 180 days of marketing exclusivity,
enabling such generic applicants to exclusively market
their product alongside the reference product at a cer-
tain point in time, which is generally after any intellectual
property issues have been resolved. However, after such
point in time, the generic applicants must launch their
products within certain time frames or risk losing the
marketing exclusivity that they had gained by being a
first-to-file applicant.

In the EU, decisions on the granting of a marketing
authorization are made either by the European Commis-
sion based on a positive recommendation by the EMA
under the centralized procedure, or by a single member
state under the national or decentralized procedure. See
“—Innovative Medicines—Regulation—European Union.”
Companies may submit abridged applications for
approval of a generic medicinal product based upon its
“essential similarity” to a medicinal product authorized
and marketed in the EU following the expiration of the
product’s data exclusivity period. In such cases, the
generics company is able to submit its abridged appli-
cation based on the data submitted by the innovator

45

company for the reference product, without the need to
conduct extensive Phase III clinical trials of its own. For
all products that received a marketing authorization in
the EU after late 2005, the abridged application can be
submitted throughout the EU. However, the data submit-
ted by the innovator company in support of its applica-
tion for amarketing authorization for the reference prod-
uct is generally protected for 10 years after the first grant
of marketing authorization in all member states, and can
be extended for an additional year if, during the initial
eight-year data exclusivity period, the innovator company
registers a new therapeutic indication with “significant
clinical benefit.” In the case of orphan drugs, it may be
extended with a two-year pediatric extension. See “—
Item 4.B Business overview—Innovative Medicines—
Intellectual property.”

Biosimilars

The regulatory pathways for approval of biosimilar
medicines are still being developed and established in
many countries of the world. A regulatory framework for
the approval of biosimilars has been established in the
EU, Japan, Canada and the US, while the World Health
Organization (WHO) has issued guidance. Sandoz has
successfully registered and launched the first biosimilar
(or biosimilar-type) medicine in Europe, the US, Canada,
Japan, Taiwan, Australia, and many countries in Latin
America and Asia. Sandoz was the first company to
secure approval for and launch a biosimilar under the US
biosimilar pathway that was established as part of the
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA).
The approval of biosimilars in Europe follows a process
similar to that followed for small molecules. However,
biosimilars usually have to be approved through the cen-
tralized procedure because they are manufactured using
recombinant DNA technology. As part of the approval
process in the EU, biosimilars have to demonstrate com-
parability to the reference medicine in terms of safety,
efficacy and quality through an extensive comparability
exercise, based on strict guidelines set by the authori-
ties. Regulators will only approve a biosimilar based on
data that allows the regulators to conclude that there are
no clinically meaningful differences between the refer-
ence medicine and the biosimilar.

In the US, under the BPCIA, a biosimilar must be
highly similar with no clinically meaningful differences
compared to the reference medicine. Approval of a bio-
similar in the US requires the submission of a BLA to the
FDA, including an assessment of immunogenicity and
pharmacokinetics; an efficacy study; and possibly a phar-
macodynamics study. The BLA for a biosimilar can be
submitted as soon as four years after the initial approval
of the reference biologic, but can only be approved
12 years after the initial approval of the reference bio-
logic.

Intellectual property

We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our products
do not infringe valid intellectual property rights held by
others, including taking steps to proactively challenge
intellectual property rights that we believe should not
have been granted. Nevertheless, competing companies


--- Page 38 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

commonly assert patent and other intellectual property
rights. As aresult, we can become involved in significant
litigation regarding our products. If we are unsuccessful
in defending these suits, we could be subject to injunc-
tions preventing us from selling our products and to
potentially substantial damages.

Wherever possible, our products are protected by
our own patents. Among other things, patents may cover

the products themselves, including the product’s formu-
lation, or the processes for manufacturing a product.
However, there can be no assurance that our intellectual
property will protect our products or that we will be able
to avoid adverse effects from the loss of intellectual prop-
erty protection in the future.

4.C Organizational structure

Organizational structure

See “Item 4. Information on the Company—Item 4.A History and development of Novartis” and “Item 4. Information
on the Company—ltem 4.B Business overview—Overview.”

Significant subsidiaries

See “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 31. Principal Group subsidiaries and associated companies.”

4.D Property, plants and equipment

Our principal executive offices are located in Basel, Swit-
zerland. Our divisions operate through a number of affil-
iates that have offices, research and development facil-
ities, and production sites throughout the world.

We generally own our facilities or have entered into
long-term lease arrangements for them. Some of our
principal facilities are subject to mortgages and other
security interests granted to secure certain debts.

Novartis Operations manages the production, supply
chains and quality of our Innovative Medicines and
Sandoz Division products through a network of 55

manufacturing sites, as well as through external suppli-
ers, and warehouse and distribution centers. In addition,
Novartis Operations also manages non-production real
estate owned or leased by Novartis around the world.

The following table sets forth our major headquar-
ters and most significant production, research and devel-
opment, and administrative facilities. See also “—Item
4.B Business overview—Innovative Medicines—Produc-
tion” and “—Item 4.B Business overview—Sandoz—Pro-
duction” for a discussion of our manufacturing pro-
cesses.

Major fa
Size of site
Location (in square meters) —_ Major activity
Basel, Switzerland - St. Johann 589000 Global Group headquarters; global Innovative Medicines Division headquarters;
global Sandoz Division headquarters; research and development;
production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Kundl and Schaftenau, Austria 480000 Production of biotechnological products, drug products and finished products,
anti-infectives, active drug substances and nucleic acids; product development
East Hanover, New Jersey 391000 Innovative Medicines Division US headquarters; research and development
Barleben, Germany 340.000 — Production of broad range of generics finished dosage forms
Cambridge, Massachusetts 201 800 Research and development
Menges, Slovenia 133 763 Production of drug substances and drug intermediates
Shanghai, China 106 500 Research and development
Stein, Switzerland 64700 Production of sterile vials, pre-filled syringes and ampoules; inhalation capsules,
tablets and transdermals; active pharmaceutical ingredients; and cell and gene therapies
Holzkirchen, Germany 64 200 = Sandoz Division production of transdermal delivery systems and certain international
and global service functions.
Huningue, France 35000 — Production of drug substances for clinical and commercial supply
Durham, North Carolina 15794 Manufacture, package and release commercial Zolgensma product
and certain clinical development activities
Princeton, New Jersey 14300 Sandoz Division US headquarters
Schweizerhalle, Switzerland 8880 Manufacture of small-interfering RNA (siRNA) drug substance for Leqvio

46


--- Page 39 ---

Item 4. Information on the Company

As our product portfolio evolves, Novartis Operations is
adapting our manufacturing capacity and capabilities to
meet our changing needs, shifting from high-volume
products toward lower-volume, customized and person-
alized medicines. As of December 31, 2022, we have
closed, exited or sold 19 manufacturing sites since 2019
and have announced the closure, exit or sale of seven
additional manufacturing sites. We have continued to
invest in new technologies implemented at our sites, such
as the new targeted radioligand therapy production facil-
ity in Indianapolis, Indiana, which is currently under con-
struction (with an expected size of approximately 67
thousand square meters), the FDA-approved Zolgensma
production site in Durham, North Carolina, and the
small-interfering RNA (siRNA) oligonucleotide manufac-
turing facility in Schweizerhalle, Switzerland. We are
leveraging innovation to increase the reliability and pro-
ductivity of our manufacturing network, including using
data and digital technologies. We continue to seek
opportunities to manage our production facilities as

efficiently as possible, optimize external spend, and sim-
plify and standardize across our manufacturing network
to help us increase our cost competitiveness and opti-
mize the value of our products. At the same time, we are
working to improve our environmental sustainability, for
example by reducing energy, waste disposal and water
consumption at our sites by making our manufacturing
processes more efficient, introducing new technologies,
and switching to clean and renewable energy solutions.

For adescription of the impact of environmental mat-
ters, see “Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.D Risk fac-
tors—Environmental, social and governance matters—
Failure to meet increasingly challenging environmental,
social and governance expectations,” “Item 3. Key Infor-
mation—Item 3.D Risk factors—Environmental matters—
Impact of environmental liabilities,” and “Item 3. Key Infor-
mation—Item 3.D Risk factors—Climate change—Climate
change and increased risk of major natural disasters.”
See also “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 20. Pro-
visions and other non-current liabilities.”

47


--- Page 40 ---

Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments

Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not applicable.

48


--- Page 41 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Item 5. Operating and
and Prospects

5.A Operating results

This operating and financial review should be read with
the Group’s consolidated financial statements in this
Annual Report, which have been prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
as published by the International Accounting Standards
Board (see “Item 18. Financial Statements”). “Item 5.
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” with the
sections on compounds in development and selected
development projects of our divisions (see “Item 4. Infor-
mation on the Company—Item 4.B Business overview”)
constitute the Operating and Financial Review (Lage-
bericht), as defined by the Swiss Code of Obligations.

The discussion and analysis of the financial condition
and results of operations of certain items from fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020, and year-to-year compari-
son between fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and
December 31, 2020, that are not included in this Form
20-F can be found in “Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects” of our Form 20-F for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated
by reference herein.

Overview

Our purpose is to reimagine medicine to improve and
extend people's lives. We use innovative science and tech-
nology to address some of society’s most challenging
healthcare issues. We discover and develop breakthrough
treatments and find new ways to deliver them to as many
people as possible. We also aim to reward those who invest
their money, time and ideas in our Company. Our vision is
to become the most valued and trusted medicines com-
pany in the world.

The businesses of Novartis are divided operationally
on a worldwide basis into two identified reporting seg-
ments:

* Innovative Medicines: innovative patent-protected pre-
scription medicines
* Sandoz: generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars

In addition, we separately report the results of Corpo-
rate activities. The financial results of our Corporate
activities include the costs of the Group headquarters
and those of corporate coordination functions in major
countries. Corporate also includes other items of income
and expense that are not attributable to specific seg-
ments, such as certain revenues from intellectual prop-
erty rights and certain expenses related to post-employ-
ment benefits, environmental remediation liabilities,
charitable activities, donations and sponsorships.

In April 2022, we announced a new, integrated orga-
nizational structure and operating model designed to sup-
port our innovation, growth, and productivity ambitions as
a focused medicines company. For information about this

Financial Review

new organizational structure, see “Item 4. Information on
the Company—ltem 4.B Overview.” Under this new orga-
nizational structure, our divisions are supported by the
following organizational units: the Novartis Institutes for
BioMedical Research, Global Drug Development, and
Novartis Operations. The financial results of these orga-
nizational units are included in the results of the divisions
for which their work is performed.

Significant transactions are discussed in “Item 18.
Financial Statements—Note 2. Significant transactions,”
and “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 3. Segmenta-
tion of key figures 2022, 2021 and 2020.”

Our business environment

Medical technology continues to accelerate, with new
advanced treatments emerging to meet the growing
need for high-quality healthcare. At the same time, aging
populations are putting pressure on healthcare
resources, while access to healthcare remains a chal-
lenge around the world. As a result, we see challenges
and opportunities in our business environment: the need
for continuous innovation in healthcare, increasing
access to medicines, the adoption of new working prac-
tices and the growing use of data science and technol-
ogy. The following are some major trends currently shap-
ing our business environment.

+ Spending on healthcare continues to grow. The need
for high-quality healthcare is more critical than ever.
Over the next five years, global spending on medicines
is forecast to rise faster than GDP in many developed
countries. The price of medicines remains a key issue
as increased healthcare spending and a more uncer-
tain economic outlook weigh on government budgets.

+ Aging populations are fueling a rise in chronic illness.
Aging and lifestyle changes are triggering an increase
in noncommunicable diseases, such as cancer, heart
disease and diabetes, causing millions of preventable
deaths and putting further pressure on healthcare
resources.
Medical science continues to accelerate. Scientific
innovation is advancing at an unprecedented pace. In
recent years, new types of treatments have been
approved, including RNA therapies, gene and cell ther-
apies, and radioligand therapies, which offer targeted
approaches to treating serious diseases. Because
these medicines are complex, they require focused
investment and expertise to bring them to reality for
patients.

+ Access to healthcare remains a formidable challenge.
Worldwide, millions of patients struggle to access the
medicines they need. This may be because of cost,
inequity, or structural issues in healthcare systems.
While access to medicines remains an acute issue in
lower-income countries, it is a problem in developed

49


--- Page 42 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

countries too, where the COVID-19 pandemic high-
lighted that deep health inequities remain entrenched.
Patients are moving to the center of healthcare. Patients
are demanding more say over their treatment through
patient representative groups and other means. In
response, healthcare systems and pharmaceutical
companies are adapting, moving toward a more inte-
grated, end-to-end approach, with an increased focus
on patient engagement in drug development and other
areas. At the same time, patients are becoming more
important as data owners - as personal data allows
more targeted treatments and supports development
of new medicines.

Economic uncertainty is growing, post-COVID-19 pan-
demic. The global economy is facing considerable
uncertainty, driven by concerns over rising energy
prices and geopolitical instability. Forecasts suggest
the current economic slowdown is likely to continue in
2023. In our own industry, the COVID-19 pandemic put
strain on supply chains and highlighted the importance
of resilient supplies of active pharmaceutical ingredi-
ents - the raw materials used to make finished
medicines. See “Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.D Risk
factors—Pricing, reimbursement and access—Pricing
and reimbursement pressure, including pricing trans-
parency and access to healthcare,” and “Item 3. Key
Information—Item 3.D Risk factors—Macroeconomic
developments—Impact of macroeconomic develop-
ments.”

Biopharma searches for more efficiency. At a time of
growing economic uncertainty, investors are looking
for sustainable growth in margins and earnings. To
remain competitive, pharmaceutical companies are
moving to more agile, cost-efficient business models,
particularly as they invest to build specialized capabil-
ities in research and development (R&D) and manufac-
turing. Meanwhile, rates of return on R&D are increas-
ing for the first time in several years, largely because
of emergency approvals during the COVID-19 pan-
demic and faster innovation cycles.

New technologies are reshaping our industry. The use
of data science and technology is increasing across
the industry in everything from R&D to manufacturing
and marketing. This has brought greater efficiency, but
it also requires new investment and skills. Importantly,
new technologies are helping close gaps between
companies, healthcare systems and patients - for
example, by providing insights into the social determi-
nants of heart health enabling the development of new
prevention measures.

Working practices are changing. Working practices are
changing in many countries. Demand for new skills is
increasing, especially in areas such as data science.
Workforces are becoming more flexible and more
diverse, allowing companies to tap into new talent
pools - important at a time of skills shortages in many
parts of the economy.

Climate change is increasingly affecting human health.
Climate change could undermine decades of progress
in improving human health at a time when antimicrobial
resistance is also rising. At the same time, more gov-
ernments are looking to decarbonize their economies
over the long-term, while companies also face increased
scrutiny over the sustainability of their operations and

supply chains. See “Item 3. Key Information—Item 3.D
Risk factors—Climate change—Impact of climate
change and increased risk of major natural disasters.”

Our strategy

Our strategy as a focused medicines company is to
deliver high-value medicines that alleviate society’s
greatest disease burdens through technology leadership
in R&D and novel access approaches.

We have made significant progress in transforming
Novartis from a diversified healthcare conglomerate into
a focused medicines company. In doing so, we have
divested or spun off non-core businesses and made tar-
geted acquisitions to focus on our core business: dis-
covering and developing new medicines and finding new
ways to deliver them to as many people as possible.

In 2022, we continued to execute on our strategy by
putting in place a new organizational structure to sup-
portinnovation, growth and productivity. We also updated
our strategic priorities and announced our intention to
spin-off our Sandoz business, which paves the way for
Novartis to advance as a company focused fully on
innovative medicines. See “Item 4. Information on the
Company—Item 4.B Overview” and “Item 4. Information
on the Company—Item 4.B Sandoz.”

Our strategy has clear focus areas and priorities to
meet the challenges and opportunities we see in our
business environment, and ensure we continue to cre-
ate value for our stakeholders and society.

Our focus areas determine where we invest most of our

time, energy and resources and include:

+ Core therapeutic areas with high unmet patient needs:
cardiovascular; immunology; neuroscience; solid
tumors; and hematology.

* Technology platforms where we have the depth and
scale to discover, develop and commercialize new ther-
apies: Chemistry; biotherapeutics; xRNA; radioligand
therapy; and gene and cell therapy.

* Priority geographies which, taken together, account
for the majority of the forecast growth in global health-
care spending: US, China, Germany and Japan. While
these are our priority countries, we will continue to
invest in other markets worldwide.

Our focus areas are supported by three strategic prior-
ities, which determine how we implement our strategy.
These three strategic priorities are:

+ Deliver high-value medicines to accelerate growth.
Delivering new medicines for major diseases is at the
core of our purpose and value creation as a company.
We focus on high-value innovative medicines with the
potential to transform the treatment of diseases across
our five core therapeutic areas. To do this, we seek to
maximize the potential of our key in-market and launch
medicines, while finding new ways to deliver them to
as many people as possible and investing in R&D to
deliver the next generation of high-value therapies for
patients over the longer term. As part of our efforts, we
continue our longstanding commitment to reduce the
burden of infectious and tropical diseases that pre-
dominantly affect underserved populations in low- and
middle-income countries.

50


--- Page 43 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

+ Embed operational excellence to deliver returns. We
aim to drive efficiency and free up resources to invest
in innovation for patients. This also underpins our finan-
cial performance and makes us more agile; better able
to take quick decisions and scale the use of new tech-
nologies, with effective cooperation across our busi-
ness. In everything we do, we maintain high standards
of product quality and patient safety, while also work-
ing to reduce our environmental footprint.

* Strengthen our foundations by:

Unleashing the power of our people. We continue to
focus on culture as a key enabler of our strategy to
drive innovation and long-term performance. For us,

51

this is about building an agile, diverse workforce and
making sure we attract and retain the right talent for
the future.

Scaling data science and technology. We are investing
in data science and technology to increase efficiency,
support innovation, better respond to the needs of
patients and healthcare professionals, and ultimately
improve the way we develop and deliver our medicines.
Building trust with society. We aim to increase access
to our medicines for underserved populations around
the world and follow high standards of ethical behav-
ior wherever we operate.



--- Page 44 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Results of operations

Financial year 2022 compared with 2021

Key figures’
Change in
Change constant
Year ended Year ended inUSD currencies
(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %!
Net sales to third parties 50 545 51626 -2 4
Other revenues 1 283 1251 3 4
Cost of goods sold - 15 486 - 15 867 2 -4
Gross profit 36 342 37010 -2 4
Selling, general and administration -14 253 -14 886 4 -1
Research and development -9 996 -9 540 -5 -9
Other income 805 1852 -57 -54
Other expense -3701 -2747 -35 -43
Operating income 9197 11689 -21 -13
% of net sales to third parties 18.2 22.6
(Loss)/income from associated companies -9 15 339 nm nm
Interest expense - 837 -811 -3 -5
Other financial income and expense 20 -80 nm nm
Income before taxes 8371 26 137 -68 -64
Income taxes -1416 -2119 33 25
Net income 6955 24018 -71 -67
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Novartis AG 6 955 24 021 -771 -67
Non-controlling interests fo) -3 nm nm
Basic earnings per share (USD) 3.19 10.71 -70 -66
Net cash flows from operating activities 14 236 15071 -6
Free cash flow ' 11945 13 282 -10

* For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis.”

nm = not meaningful

52


--- Page 45 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Group overview

Net sales to third parties for Novartis were USD 50.5 bil-
lion, down 2% in USD reported terms and up 4% mea-
sured in constant currencies (cc) to remove the impact
of exchange rate movements. Sales growth was driven
by volume growth of 11 percentage points, mainly driven
by continued strong growth from Entresto, Kesimpta,
Kisqali, Pluvicto and Cosentyx. Generic competition had
anegative impact of 3 percentage points, mainly due to
Gilenya, Afinitor/Votubia, and Gleevec/Glivec. Pricing had
a negative impact of 4 percentage points. Sales in the
US were USD 177 billion (+5%) and in the rest of the world
USD 32.8 billion (-6%, +4% cc).

By division, Innovative Medicines delivered net sales
of USD 41.3 billion (-2%, +4% cc) and Sandoz net sales
were USD 9.2 billion (-4%, +4% cc).

In Emerging Growth Markets, which comprise all mar-
kets excluding the US, Canada, Western Europe, Japan,
Australia and New Zealand, sales to third parties were
USD 13.5 billion (+2%, +9% cc) driven by China (USD 3.1
billion) growing 2% (+6% cc).

Operating income was USD 9.2 billion (-21%, -13%
cc), mainly due to higher restructuring costs (USD 1.2 bil-
lion) primarily related to the implementation of the pre-
viously announced streamlined organizational model,
higher impairments (USD 1.0 billion), and lower divest-
ment gains (USD 0.6 billion). Operating income margin
was 18.2% of net sales, decreasing by 4.4 percentage
points (-3.8 percentage points cc).

Net income was USD 7.0 billion compared with USD
24.0 billion in the prior year, impacted by Roche income
in the prior year. Excluding the impact of Roche income,
net income declined -9% (cc). Earnings per share were

53

USD 3.19 compared with USD 10.71 in the prior year.
Excluding the impact of Roche income, EPS declined
-7% (cc).

Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to
USD 14.2 billion, compared with USD 15.1 billion in 2021.
This decrease was mainly due to unfavorable changes
in working capital and lower dividends from associated
companies (2021 included the USD 0.5 billion dividends
received from our investment in Roche, which was
divested in the fourth quarter of 2021), partly offset by
lower income taxes paid and favorable hedging results.

Free cash flow amounted to USD 11.9 billion (-10%
USD), compared with USD 13.3 billion in 2021, mainly due
to a decrease in net cash flows from operating activities
and lower divestment proceeds, partly offset by lower
purchases of property, plant and equipment.

We also present our core results', which exclude the
impact of amortization, impairments, disposals, acquisi-
tions, restructurings and other significant items, to help
investors understand our underlying performance.

Core operating income was USD 16.7 billion (0%, +8%
cc), benefiting from higher sales, partly offset by higher
research and development (R&D) investments. Core
operating income margin was 33.0% of net sales,
increasing by 0.9 percentage points (+1.3 percentage
points cc).

Core net income was USD 13.4 billion (-5%, +3% cc)
as growth in core operating income was partly offset by
the loss of Roche core income. Excluding the impact of
Roche core income, core net income grew +11% (cc).

For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see “~Non-IFRS
measures as defined by Novartis.”


--- Page 46 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Net sales to third parties by segment

The following table provides an overview of net sales to third parties by segment:

Change in
Change constant

Yearended —_ Year ended inUSD currencies

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %
Innovative Medicines 41 296 41 995 -2 4
Sandoz 9249 9631 -4 4
Net sales to third parties 50 545 51 626 -2 4

Innovative Medicines

The Innovative Medicines Division delivered net sales of
USD 41.3 billion (-2%, +4% cc) with volume contributing
12 percentage points to growth. Generic competition had
a negative impact of 4 percentage points. Pricing had a
negative impact of 4 percentage points. Sales in the US
were USD 15.9 billion (+6%) and in the rest of the world
USD 25.4 billion (-6%, +3% cc).

Sales growth was mainly driven by continued strong
growth from Entresto (USD 4.6 billion, +31%, +37% cc),
Kesimpta (USD 1.1 billion, 194%, +200% cc), Kisqali (USD
1.2 billion, +31%, +38% cc), Pluvicto (USD 271 million) and
Cosentyx (USD 4.8 billion, +1%, +5% cc), partly offset by
generic competition mainly for Gilenya, Afinitor/Votubia
and Gleevec/Glivec.

In the US (USD 15.9 billion +6%), sales growth was
mainly driven by Entresto, Kesimpta and Pluvicto, partly
offset by the impact of generic competition on Afinitor/
Votubia and Gilenya. In Europe (USD 13.6 billion, -9%,
+1% cc) sales growth was driven by Entresto, Kisqali and
Kesimpta, partly offset by increased generic competition
for Gilenya. Emerging Growth Markets grew +2% (+9%
cc), with China sales USD 2.9 billion (+3%, +7% cc) driven
by Cosentyx.

The following table provides an overview of net sales
to third parties by core therapeutic area; other promoted
brands; and established brands in the Innovative
Medicines Division:

Change in
Change constant

Year ended Year ended inUSD currencies

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %
Cardiovascular 4756 3 560 34 40
Immunology 7 287 7 205 1 7
Neuroscience 5051 5 007 1 5
Solid Tumors 4723 4101 15 24
Hematology 6 452 6 430 0 7
Other Promoted Brands 3127 3451 -9 -4
Total Promoted Brands 31 396 29 754 6 12
Established Brands 9 900 12241 -19 - 13
Total Innovative Medicines 41 296 41 995 -2 4

* Reclassified to reflect the new Innovative Medicines divisional structures announced on April 4, 2022

54


--- Page 47 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

The following table provides the top 20 Innovative Medicines Division product net sales to third parties in 2022 as
well as the change compared with 2021:

Brands

Brand classification by
therapeutic area, other
promoted brands or
established brands

us

Rest of world

%
change

Key indications USDm USD/cc? USD m

%
change
usD

%
change
cc? USDm

Total

%
change
usD

%
change
cc?

Cosentyx

Immunology

Psoriasis (PsO), 2770
ankylosing spondylitis

(AS), psoriatic arthritis

(PsA), non-radiographic

axial spondyloarthritis

(nr-axSPA)

-4 2018

10

20 4788

1

5

Entresto

Cardiovascular

Chronic heart failure, 2354
hypertension

38 2 290

25

37-4644

31

37

Promacta/Revolade

Hematology

Immune 1083
thrombocytopenia (ITP),
severe aplastic anemia (SAA)

14 1005

5 2 088

Gilenya

Neuroscience

Relapsing multiple sclerosis 1 153
(RMS)

-19 860

-29 2013

Tasigna

Hematology

Chronic myeloid leukemia 877
(CML)

-1 1046

-2 1923

Lucentis

Other Promoted
Brands

Age-related
macular degeneration (AMD),
diabetic macular edema (DME),
retinal vein occlusion (RVO)

1874

-4 1874

Tafinlar + Mekinist

Solid Tumors

BRAF V600+ metastatic. 678
adjuvant melanoma,

advanced non-small cell

lung cancer (NSCLC),

tumor agnostic with

BRAF mutation indication

12 1092

10 1770

Jakavi

Hematology

Myelofibrosis (MF),
polycytomia vera (PV),
graft-versus-host disease
(GvHD)

1561

9 1561

Zolgensma

Neuroscience

Spinal muscular atrophy 434
(SMA)

-7 936

12 1370

Xolair*

Immunology

Severe allergic asthma (SAA),
chronic spontaneous urticaria
(CSU), nasal polyps

1365

6 1365

Sandostatin

Established Brands

Carcinoid tumors, 800
acromegaly

-5 438

-23

-16 1238

Kisgali

Solid Tumors

HR+/HER2- 472
metastatic breast cancer

39 759

27

38 1231

llaris

Immunology

Auto-inflammatory (CAPS, 570
TRAPS, HIDS/MKD, FMF,
SJIA, AOSD, gout)

14 563

16 1133

Kesimpta

Neuroscience

Relapsing-remitting 921
multiple sclerosis (RRMS)

165 171

nm

nm 1092

194

200

Galvus Group

Established Brands

Type 2 diabetes

859

-21

-12 859

-21

-12

Gleevec/Glivec

Established Brands

Chronic myeloid 205
leukemia (CML),

gastrointestinal stromal

tumors (GIST)

-22 540

-29

-23 745

-27

-22

Exforge Group

Established Brands

Hypertension 14

0 729

-18

-12 743

-18

-12

Diovan Group

Established Brands

Hypertension 55

8 597

-17

-10 652

-16

-9

Kymriah

Hematology

t/t pediatric and young 196
adults acute lymphoblastic

leukemia (ALL), diffuse large

B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL),

follicular lymphoma (FL)

-15 340

-5

7 536

-9

-2

Afinitor/Votubia

Established Brands

Breast cancer/ 171
tuberous sclerosis complex
(TSC)

-67 341

-45

-441

Top 20 brands total

12 753

6 19384

-5

5 32137

=1

Rest of portfolio

Total division net
sales to third parties

3 146

15 899

* Net sales to third parties reflect Xolair sales for all indications.
® For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis.”

nm = not meaningful

55

6 6013

6 25397

-9

0 9159

3 41296

=4



--- Page 48 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

For the table providing the top 20 Innovative Medicines Division product net sales to third parties in 2021, see “Item
18. Financial statements—Note 3. Segmentation of key figures 2022, 2021 and 2020.”

For information about the approved indications for certain products described, see “Item 4. Information on the
Company—ltem 4.B Business overview—Innovative Medicines— Innovative Medicines Division products.”

CARDIOVASCULAR

Sales in the Cardiovascular therapeutic area were USD
4.8 billion (+34%, +40% cc), sales growth mainly driven
by Entresto.

Entresto (USD 4.6 billion, +31%, +37% cc) sustained
robust demand-led growth, with increased patient share
across all geographies. Guidelines position Entresto as
the first choice RASi versus ACEi/ARB in patients with
HFrEF. Entresto benefits from the adoption of guideline
directed medical therapy for these patients in all geog-
raphies. In the US, Entresto benefits from being added
to guidelines for patients with HFpEF (with LVEF below
normal). In China, Entresto has been listed in the National
Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) for both HFrEF and
hypertension, effective January 2022. In China and
Japan, Entresto volume growth is fueled by increased
penetration in hypertension in addition to growth in heart
failure. It is estimated that around 10 million patients are
on treatment with Entresto.

Leqvio (USD 041 billion) launch in the US and other
markets is ongoing, with focus on patient on-boarding,
removing access hurdles and enhancing medical edu-
cation. Leqvio is the first and only small interfering RNA
(siRNA) therapy to lower low-density lipoprotein choles-
terol approved in the US and was launched in January
2022. In the US, Leqvio is covered at or near label for
76% of patients eleven months after launch. Leqvio in
the US has been assigned a unique Healthcare Common
Procedure Coding System code (J-code) and average
sales price. Leqvio is now approved in 70 countries.
Novartis obtained global rights to develop, manufacture
and commercialize Leqvio under a license and collabo-
ration agreement with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals.

IMMUNOLOGY

Sales in the Immunology therapeutic area reached USD
7.3 billion (1%, +7% cc), sales growth was mainly driven
by Cosentyx and Ilaris.

Cosentyx (USD 4.8 billion, +1%, +5% cc) sales grew
in Emerging Growth Markets, Europe and Japan, partly
offset by decline in the US due to higher revenue deduc-
tions. In China, Cosentyx growth was fueled by increased
biologic uptake and inclusion in approximately 1,900 hos-
pital listings. Since initial approval in 2015, Cosentyx has
proven its sustained efficacy and consistent safety pro-
file across five systemic inflammatory conditions and has
treated more than 960,000 patients worldwide.

Xolair (USD 1.4 billion, -4%, +6% cc) sales grew (cc)
in Emerging Growth Markets, Europe and Japan. Novartis
co-promotes Xolair with Genentech in the US and shares
a portion of revenue as operating income but does not
record any US sales.

Haris (USD 1.1 billion, +7%, +15% cc) showed contin-
ued growth across all geographies. Contributors to
growth include the adult-onset Still’s disease indication,
together with the other adult rheumatology indications
in the US and Europe, as well as strong performance for
the Periodic Fevers Syndrome indications in Japan.

56

NEUROSCIENCE

Sales in the Neuroscience therapeutic area were USD
5.1 billion (+1%, +5% cc), sales growth (cc) mainly driven
by Kesimpta, which was partly offset by sales decline of
Gilenya.

Gilenya (USD 2.0 billion, -28%, -24% cc) sales
declined mainly in Europe and in the US due to generic
pressure.

Zolgensma (USD 1.4 billion, +1%, +5% cc) has been
approved in 47 countries to date. As this represents most
major markets, sales growth is now mainly driven by the
Incident patient population where we’ve seen double
digit growth in 2022. Access pathways are now in place
in 35 countries with negotiations ongoing in additional
markets.

Kesimpta (USD 1.1 billion, +194%, +200% cc) showed
strong sales growth driven by launch momentum across
all geographies. Kesimpta is a targeted B-cell therapy
that can deliver powerful and sustained high efficacy,
with a favorable safety and tolerability profile and the
flexibility of an at home self-administration for a broad
population of RMS patients. Kesimpta is now approved
in 80 countries with more than 36,000 patients treated.

Mayzent (USD 0.4 billion, +27%, +32% cc) sales grew
across all geographies in MS patients showing signs of
progression despite being on other treatments. Mayzent
is the first and only oral disease-modifying therapy stud-
ied and proven to delay disease progression in a broad
SPMS patient population.

Aimovig (USD 0.2 billion, +1%, +11% cc) sales grew in
Europe and Emerging Growth Markets. Aimovig is reim-
bursed in 32 markets and has been prescribed to over
759,000 patients worldwide. Earlier this year, Aimovig
was submitted for approval in China. In October 2022,
Novartis reached an agreement in Germany by which
Aimovig is reimbursed as a 1* line prophylactic migraine
treatment based on the HER-MES trial.

SOLID TUMORS

Sales in the Solid Tumors therapeutic area were USD 4.7
billion (+15%, +21% cc), sales growth mainly driven by
Kisqali, Pluvicto and Tafinlar + Mekinist.

Tafinlar + Mekinist (USD 1.8 billion, +5%, +11% cc)
sales grew across all geographies, driven by demand in
BRAF+ adjuvant melanoma and NSCLC indications,
while maintaining demand in the highly competitive
BRAF+ metastatic melanoma market. Tafinlar + Mekinist
remains the worldwide targeted therapy leader in BRAF+
melanoma. Following FDA approval in late June, Tafinlar
+ Mekinist is the first and only therapy with a tumor-ag-
nostic indication for adult and pediatric patients with
solid tumors that have a BRAF V600E mutation, which
drives tumor growth in more than 20 different tumor
types.

Kisqali (USD 1.2 billion, +31%, +38% cc) sales grew
strongly across all geographies, based on increasing rec-
ognition of its overall survival and quality of life benefits
in HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer. It is a CDK4/6


--- Page 49 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

inhibitor with proven overall survival benefit across all
three Phase Ill trials of the MONALEESA program
regardless of menopausal status, line of therapy, site and
number of metastases, endocrine resistance, or endo-
crine partner.

Votrient (USD 0.5 billion, 18%, -13% cc) declined due
to increased competition, especially from immuno-on-
cology agents in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.

Lutathera (USD 0.5 billion, -1%, +3% cc) sales grew
(cc) in Europe and Japan, partly offset by decline in the
US. There are approximately 500 centers actively treat-
ing patients globally. In the second quarter of 2022, there
was atemporary suspension in manufacturing during the
quarter; production and deliveries of patient doses
resumed in early June.

Piqray (USD 0.4 billion, +13%, +14% cc) sales grew
mainly in the US, benefiting from indication expansion
into PIK8CA-related overgrowth spectrum (PROS).
Piqray is the first and only therapy specifically developed
for the approximately 40% of HR+/HER2- advanced
breast cancer patients who have a PIK3CA mutation,
which is associated with a worse prognosis.

Pluvicto (USD 0.3 billion) launch is progressing well,
with more than 160 active centers ordering. Pluvicto is
the first and only radioligand therapy approved by the
FDA for the treatment of progressive, PSMA-positive
metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer, who
have already been treated with other anticancer treat-
ments (ARPI and taxane-based chemotherapy).

Tabrecta (USD 0.1 billion, +48%, +48% cc) sales grew
across all geographies, as the first therapy approved by
the FDA to specifically target metastatic NSCLC with a
mutation that leads to MET exon 14 skipping (METex14).

HEMATOLOGY

Sales in the Hematology therapeutic area were USD 6.5
billion (0%, +7% cc), sales growth (cc) mainly driven by
Promacta/Revolade, Jakavi and Scemblix.

Promacta/Revolade (USD 2.1 billion, +4%, +9% cc)
growth was driven by the US, Europe and Emerging
Growth Markets, partly offset by decline in Japan. Sales
growth was driven by increased use in second-line per-
sistent and chronic immune thrombocytopenia and as
first-line and/or second-line treatment for severe aplas-
tic anemia.

Tasigna (USD 1.9 billion, -7%, -1% cc) sales declined
in Europe, Japan and the US, partly offset by growth in
Emerging Growth Markets.

Jakavi (USD 1.6 billion, -2%, +9% cc) sales grew (cc)
in Europe, Emerging Growth Markets, Japan, driven by
strong demand in both the myelofibrosis and polycythe-
mia vera indications. In May, EC approved Jakavi for the
treatment of patients aged 12 years and older with acute
or chronic GvHD who have inadequate response to cor-
ticosteroids or other systemic therapies.

kKymriah (USD 0.5 billion, -9%, -2% cc) sales declined
in the US and Europe due to lower DLBCL demand in
both geographies and was partly offset by growth in
Emerging Growth Markets and Japan. In May, EC and
FDA approved Kymriah for the treatment of adult patients

57

with relapsed or refractory (t/r) follicular lymphoma (FL)
after two or more lines of systemic therapy.

Adakveo (USD 0.2 billion, +18%, +19% cc) continued
to grow worldwide, reaching more than 11,800 patients
with vaso-occlusive crises caused by sickle cell disease
to date.

Scemblix (USD 0.1 billion) continued its strong launch
uptake in the US, with launches underway in EU and
Japan, demonstrating the high unmet need in CML, par-
ticularly patients previously treated with 2 or more tyro-
sine kinase inhibitors, or with the T3151 mutation. In Octo-
ber 2022, US FDA converted the accelerated approval
of Scemblix to a full approval, confirming the clinical ben-
efit after longer exposure.

OTHER PROMOTED BRANDS
Sales for Other Promoted Brands were USD 3.1 billion
(-9%, -1% cc).

Lucentis (USD 1.9 billion, -13%, -4% cc) sales declined
in Japan and Europe mainly due to competition, which
was partly offset by growth in Emerging Growth Markets.

Xiidra (USD 0.5 billion, +4%, +4% cc) sales grew
mainly in the US.

Ultibro Group (USD 0.5 billion, -18%, -9% cc) sales
declined in Europe and Emerging Growth Markets due
to competition and was partly offset by growth in Japan.
Ultibro Group consists of Ultibro Breezhaler, Seebri Bree-
zhaler and Onbrez Breezhaler.

Beovu (USD 0.2 billion, +9%, +18% cc) sales grew in
Europe, Emerging Growth Markets and Japan, partly off-
set by decline in the US. Beovu received approval for dia-
betic macular edema (DME) in the EU in the first quarter
of 2022, and in the US in the second quarter of 2022.

ESTABLISHED BRANDS
The Established Brands had sales of USD 9.9 billion
(-19%, -13% cc).

Sandostatin (USD 1.2 billion, -12%, -10% cc) declined
across all geographies due to ongoing competitive pres-
sure, including generic competition ex-US.

Galvus Group (USD 0.9 billion, -21%, -12% cc)
declined in Japan, Europe and Emerging Growth Mar-
kets.

Gleevec/Glivec (USD 0.7 billion, -27%, -22% cc)
declined due to increased generic competition.

Exforge Group (USD 0.7 billion, 18%, -12% cc)
declined across all geographies.

Diovan Group (USD 0.7 billion, -16%, -9% cc) declined
in Emerging Growth Markets, Japan and Europe.

Afinitor/Votubia (USD 0.5 billion, -45%, -41% cc)
declined in the US and Europe driven by generic com-
petition.

Voltaren/Cataflam (USD 0.3 billion, -10%, 0% cc)
sales were stable (cc).

Zortress/Certican (USD 0.3 billion, -24%, -14% cc)
declined in the US and Japan.

Exjade/Jadenu (USD 0.3 billion, -43%, -38% cc)
declined due to pressure from generic competition.

Neoral/Sandimmun(e) (USD 0.3 billion, -16%, -8% cc)
declined across all geographies.


--- Page 50 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Sandoz

Sandoz net sales were USD 9.2 billion (-4%, +4% cc)
with volume contributing 10 percentage points to growth.
Pricing had a negative impact of 6 percentage points.

Sales in Europe were USD 4.9 billion (-7%, +4% cc),
in the US USD 1.8 billion (-4%) in Asia/Africa/Australasia
USD 1.6 billion (-3%, +6% cc) and in Canada and Latin
America USD 969 million (+11%, +15% cc) driven by vol-
ume increases and tender wins.

The following table provides an overview of net sales
to third parties by business franchise in the Sandoz Divi-
sion:

Change in

Change constant

Yearended Year ended inUSD currencies

(USD millions) Dee 31,2022 Dec 31, 2021 % %

Retail Generics* 6776 7 092 -4 4

Biopharmaceuticals 2093 2116 -1 9
Anti-Infectives

(partner label/API)' 380 423 -10 -5

Total Sandoz 9 249 9631 -4 4

* Sandoz total anti-infectives net sales to third parties amounted to USD 1.2 billion
(2021: USD 1 billion; 2020: USD 1.2 billion), of which USD 777 million (2021: USD 707
million; 2020: USD 694 million) is sold through the Retail Generics business franchise
and USD 380 milllion (2021: USD 423 million; 2020: USD 474 million) is sold to other
third-party companies through the Anti-Infectives business franchise.

Retail Generics

In Retail Generics, Sandoz develops, manufactures and
markets finished dosage forms of small molecule
pharmaceuticals for sale to third parties across a broad

58

range of therapeutic areas, including finished dosage
form of anti-infectives sold to third parties.

Retail sales were USD 6.8 billion (-4%, +4% cc), grow-
ing across all regions ex-US.

Biopharmaceuticals
In Biopharmaceuticals, Sandoz develops, manufactures
and markets protein- and other biotechnology-based
products, including biosimilars, and provides biotechnol-
ogy manufacturing services to other companies. The
Biopharmaceuticals business also includes Glatopa, a
generic version of Copaxone®, which treats relapsing
forms of multiple sclerosis and is marketed in the US.
Global sales of Biopharmaceuticals (biosimilars, bio-
pharmaceutical contract manufacturing and Glatopa)
grew to USD 211 billion (-1%, +9% cc), growing across all
regions.

Anti-Infectives

In Anti-Infectives, Sandoz manufactures and supplies
active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates,
mainly antibiotics, for internal use by Retail Generics and
for sale to third-party customers.

Total Anti-Infectives sales were USD 1.2 billion (+2%,
+10% cc) of which USD 777 million were sold through the
Retail Generics business franchise and USD 380 million
were sold to other third-party companies through the
Anti-Infectives business franchise. The sales of the
Anti-Infectives business franchise declined mainly due
to product discontinuations and supply challenges.


--- Page 51 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Operating income

The following table provides an overview of operating income by segment:

% of % of Change in

net sales net sales Change constant

Year ended tothird Year ended to third inUSD currencies

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 parties Dec 31,2021 parties % %
Innovative Met 8786 21.3 10 688 25.5 -18 -9
Sandoz 1448 15.7 1600 16.6 -10 -2
Corporate -1037 - 599 -73 -84
Operating income 9197 18.2 11689 22.6 -21 -13

Operating income was USD 9.2 billion (-21%, -13% cc), mainly due to higher restructuring (USD 1.2 billion) primar-
ily related to the implementation of the previously announced streamlined organizational model, higher impairments
(USD 1.0 billion) and lower divestment gains (USD 0.6 billion). Operating income margin was 18.2% of net sales,
decreasing by 4.4 percentage points (-3.8 percentage points cc).

Core operating income key figures'

Change in

Change constant

Yearended — Year ended inUSD currencies

(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31, 2021 % %

Core gross profit 40 392 41 097 -2 4

Selling, general and administration -14190  -14815 4 -1

Research and development -9 088 -9041 -1 -5

Other income 384 421 -9 -2

Other expense - 833 -1074 22 17

Core operating income 16 665 16 588 ° 8
As % of net sales to third parties 33.0 32.1

* For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis.”

The adjustments made to operating income to arrive at
core operating income amounted to USD 7.5 billion (com-
pared with USD 4.9 billion in the prior year). For details,
please see “—Non-IFRS measures as defined by
Novartis—2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS
results to core results.”

Core operating income was USD 16.7 billion (0%, +8%
cc) benefiting from higher sales, partly offset by higher
R&D investments. Core operating income margin was
33.0% of net sales, increasing by 0.9 percentage points
(+1.3 percentage points cc).

The following table provides an overview of core operating income by segment:

% of % of Change in

net sales net sales Change constant

Year ended tothird Year ended to third inUSD currencies

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 parties Dec 31,2021 parties % %
Innovative Mes 15 237 36.9 15 215 36.2 0 8
Sandoz 1903 20.6 2064 21.4 -8 -1
Corporate -475 -691 31 28
Core operating income 16 665 33.0 16 588 32.1 0 8

Innovative Medicines

Operating income was USD 8.8 billion (-18%, -9% cc),
driven by higher impairments, restructuring, lower divest-
ment gains and higher R&D expenses, partly offset by
higher gross margin. Operating income margin was
21.3% of net sales, decreasing 4.2 percentage points
(-3.4 percentage points in cc).

59

Core adjustments were USD 6.5 billion, mainly due
to amortization, impairments and restructuring, com-
pared to USD 4.5 billion in prior year. Core adjustments
increased compared to prior year, mainly due to higher
impairments and restructuring.

Core operating income was USD 15.2 billion (0%, +8%
cc), mainly driven by higher gross margin, partly offset


--- Page 52 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

by higher R&D investments. Core operating income mar-
gin was 36.9% of net sales, increasing 0.7 percentage
points (+1.3 percentage points cc). Revenues as a per-
centage of sales increased by 0.1 percentage points (cc).
Core cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales was
in line with the prior year. Core R&D expenses as a per-
centage of net sales increased by 0.2 percentage points
(cc). Core selling, general and administration (SG&A)
expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased by 1.4
percentage points (cc). Core other income and expense
as a percentage of net sales was in line with the prior
year.

Sandoz
Operating income was USD 1.4 billion (-10%, -2% cc),
with the decline mainly due to higher SG&A investments
to drive higher sales and inflationary pressures on input
costs, which were partly offset by higher sales. Operat-
ing income margin was 15.7% of net sales, decreasing
by 0.9 percentage points (-1.0 percentage points in cc).
Core adjustments were USD 455 million, including
USD 221 million of amortization. Prior year core adjust-
ments were USD 464 million, including USD 236 million
of amortization.

Core operating income was USD 1.9 billion (-8%, -1%
cc), with the decline mainly due to higher SG&A, partly
offset by higher sales. Core operating margin was 20.6%
of net sales, decreasing by 0.8 percentage points (-11
percentage points cc). Core gross margin as a percent-
age of sales decreased by 0.3 percentage points (cc),
due to higher inflation and input costs. Core R&D
expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased by 0.5
percentage points (cc). Core SG&A expenses increased
by 0.9 percentage points (cc). Core other income and
expense decreased the margin by 0.4 percentage points
(cc).

Corporate income and expense, net

Corporate income and expense, which includes the cost
of Group headquarter and coordination functions,
amounted to an expense of USD 1.0 billion, compared to
an expense of USD 599 million in 2021, mainly driven by
higher restructuring costs, lower contributions from the
Novartis Venture Fund and prior year income from a fair
value adjustment on contingent receivables related to
intellectual property rights, partly offset by prior year
adjustments to provisions on M&A transactions.

Innovative Medicines Division research and development

The following table provides an overview of the reported and core research and development expense of the

Innovative Medicines Division:

Change in
Change constant
Year ended Year ended inUSD currencies
(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %
Research and exploratory development - 2938 -3 209 8 6
Confirmatory development - 6 234 -5 432 -15 -20
Total Innovative Medicines Division research and development expense -9172 -8 641 -6 -10
As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties 22.2 20.6
Core research and exploratory development' —2784 - 2 809 1 -4
Core confirmatory development’ -5 483 -5 341 -3 -7
Total core Innovative Medicines Division research and development expense -8 267 -8 150 -1 -5
‘As % of Innovative Medicines net sales to third parties 20.0 19.4

* Core results exclude impairments, amortization and certain other items. For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see “-Non-IFRS measures as defined

by Novartis.”

Innovative Medicine Division research and exploratory
development expense decreased by 8% (+6% cc) to USD
2.9 billion. Confirmatory development expense amounted
to USD 6.2 billion, increasing by 15% (-20% cc) versus
prior year mainly due to higher impairment charges and
higher investments in development to support recently
acquired assets.

60

Total core research and development expense in the
Innovative Medicine Division as a percentage of sales
increased by 0.6 percentage points (+0.2 percentage
points cc) to 20.0% of net sales, mainly driven by higher
investments in recently acquired assets.


--- Page 53 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Non-operating income and expense

The term “non-operating income and expense’ includes all income and expense items outside operating income.
The following table provides an overview of non-operating income and expense:

Change in
Change constant
Year ended Year ended inUSD currencies
(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %
Operatingincomess—s—“SsSSOSCSCSC‘CNSNCNNNNNNNW.9—-—<&;,—<O!F.—COD”~CiCSC“‘C‘CN ASW
(Loss)/income from associated companies -9 15 339 nm nm
Interest expense - 837 -811 -3 -5
Other financial income and expense 20 -80 nm nm
Income before taxes 8371 26 137 -68 -64
Income taxes -1416 -2119 33 25
Net income 6955 24018 -71 -67
Attributableto.
Shareholders of Novartis AG 6 955 -71 -67
Non-controlling interests 0
Basicearningspershare(USD)s—~—“—sSsSC‘“s‘CSs‘“Ss‘“‘“‘(CS*S*étMADSC”*C*SCS'C“‘Cé~COON#*#‘«~C G6
nm = not meaningful
Income from associated companies Income taxes

Income from associated companies was a loss of USD
9 million compared to an income of USD 15.3 billion in
prior year. This decrease was due to the divestment of
our investment in Roche that closed in the fourth quar-
ter of 2021 where a gain of USD 14.6 billion was recog-
nized.

Interest expense and other financial income and
expense

Interest expense amounted to USD 837 million, broadly
in line with prior year.

Other financial income and expense amounted to an
income of USD 20 million compared to an expense of
USD 80 million in the prior year, as higher interest income
was partly offset by financial expenses and currency
losses.

61

The tax rate was 16.9% compared to 8.1% in the prior
year period. In the prior year, the tax rate was impacted
by the Roche income from associated companies (includ-
ing the divestment gain recognized on the sale of our
investment in Roche in December 2021), the impact of
increases in uncertain tax positions and prior-year items.
For comparability, excluding these impacts, the prior year
tax rate would have been 16.8%, broadly in line with 16.9%
in the current year.

Netincome

Net income was USD 7.0 billion (-71%, -67% cc), impacted
by Roche income in the prior year. Excluding the impact
of Roche income, net income declined -9% (cc).

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share were USD 3.19 compared with
USD 10.71in the prior year, mainly due to prior year Roche
income. Excluding the impact of Roche income, EPS
declined -7% (cc).


--- Page 54 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Core non-operating income and expense’

The following table provides an overview of core non-operating income and expense:

Change in
Change constant
Year ended Year ended inUSD currencies
(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021 % %
Core operating income 16 665 16 588 0 8
Core (loss)/income from associated companies -9 993 nm nm
Core interest expense - 837 -811 -3 -5
Core other financial income and expense 144 -41 nm nm
Core income before taxes 15 960 16 729 -5
Core income taxes - 2608 - 2635 1 -7
Core net income 13 352 14094 -5 3
Core basic earnings per share (USD) 6.12 6.29 =3 6
nm = not meaningful
Core income from associated companies Core income taxes

Core income from associated companies was a loss of
USD 9 million compared with an income of USD 993 mil-
lion in prior year. This decrease was due to the divest-
ment of our investment in Roche that closed in the fourth
quarter of 2021.

Core interest expense and other financial income
and expense

Core interest expense amounted to USD 837 million,
broadly in line with prior year.

Core other financial income and expense amounted
to anincome of USD 141 million compared to an expense
of USD 41 million in the prior year as higher interest
income was only partly offset by currency losses.

62

The core tax rate (core taxes as a percentage of core
income before tax) was 16.3% compared to 15.8% in the
prior year. For comparability, excluding Roche Income
from associated companies (divested in December
2021), the prior year core tax rate would have been 16.7%
compared to 16.3% in the current year, decreasing mainly
as aresult of a change in core profit mix.

Core net income

Core net income was USD 13.4 billion (-5%, +3% cc) as
growth in core operating income was partly offset by the
loss of Roche core income. Excluding the impact of
Roche core income, core net income grew +11% (cc).

Core earnings per share

Core EPS was USD 6.12 (-3%, +6% cc), benefiting from
lower weighted average number of shares outstanding.
Excluding the impact of Roche core income, core EPS
grew +14% (cc).

‘For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see “—Non-IFRS
measures as defined by Novartis.”


--- Page 55 ---

Results of operations excluding Roche investment impacts

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

To enhance investors’ understanding of the Group’s performance in comparison with the prior year, the following
table provides a comparison of our 2022 published IFRS results and non-IFRS measures core results and free cash
flow with the 2021 results, excluding the impacts related to our Roche investment, due to its divestment.

Excluding Roche investment impacts

Yearended Year ended % change % change
Dec 31, 2022 USD cc!
Operating income 9 197 =21 =13
Loss from associated companies -9 nm nm
Interest expense - 837 -3 -5
Other financial income and expense 20 nm nm
Income taxes -1416 33 25
Net income 6 955 =20 -9
Basic earnings per share (USD) 3.19 =17 -7
Net cash flows from operating acti 14 236 =2
Free cash flow' 11945 -6
Core’
Core operating income 16 665 16 588 0 8
Core net income 13 352 13 099 2 1
Core basic earnings per share (USD) 6.12 5.84 5 14

* For an explanation of non-IFRS measures and reconciliation tables, see "—Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis.”
® For a reconciliation of 2021 IFRS results and non-IFRS measures core results and free cash flow to exclude the impacts of the 2021 divestment of our Roche investment, see “—

Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis.”

nm = not meaningful

63


--- Page 56 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Factors affecting comparability of year-on-year results

of operations

Significant transactions
in 2022 and 2021

The comparability of the year-on-year results of our
operations for the total Group can be significantly
affected by acquisitions and divestments. As part of our

long-term strategy to focus Novartis as a leading
medicines company, we announced and/or completed
several acquisitions and divestments during 2022 and
2021.

A detailed description of significant transactions in
2022 and 2021, can be found in “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 2. Significant transactions.”

Internal control over financial reporting

The Group’s management has assessed the effective-
ness of internal control over financial reporting. The
Group’s independent statutory auditor also issued an
opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. Both the Group’s management and

its external auditors concluded that the Group main-
tained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. For
more details, see “Item 15. Controls and Procedures.”

Approach to risk management

See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employ-
ees—Item 6.C Board practices—Corporate gover-
nance—Information and control systems—Risk

management” and “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note
29. Financial instruments - additional disclosures.”

Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis

Novartis uses certain non-IFRS metrics when measur-
ing performance, especially when measuring cur-
rent-year results against prior periods, including core
results, constant currencies and free cash flow.

Despite the use of these measures by management
in setting goals and measuring the Group’s performance,
these are non-IFRS measures that have no standardized
meaning prescribed by IFRS. As aresult, such measures
have limits in their usefulness to investors.

Because of their non-standardized definitions, the
non-IFRS measures (unlike IFRS measures) may not be

64

comparable to the calculation of similar measures of
other companies. These non-IFRS measures are pre-
sented solely to permit investors to more fully understand
how the Group’s management assesses underlying per-
formance. These non-IFRS measures are not, and should
not be viewed as, a substitute for IFRS measures, and
should be viewed in conjunction with IFRS financials.

As an internal measure of Group performance, these
non-IFRS measures have limitations, and the Group's
performance management process is not solely
restricted to these metrics.


--- Page 57 ---

Item 5. Operating and Fin:

Core results

The Group’s core results - including core operating
income, core net income and core earnings per share -
exclude fully the amortization and impairment charges
of intangible assets, excluding software, net gains and
losses on fund investments and equity securities valued
at fair value through profit and loss, and certain acquisi-
tion- and divestment-related items. The following items
that exceed a threshold of USD 25 million are also
excluded: integration- and divestment-related income
and expenses; divestment gains and losses; restructur-
ing charges/releases and related items; legal-related
items; impairments of property, plant and equipment,
software, and financial assets, and income and expense
items that management deems exceptional and that are
or are expected to accumulate within the year to be over
aUSD 25 million threshold.

Novartis believes that investor understanding of the
Group’s performance is enhanced by disclosing core
measures of performance, since core measures exclude
items that can vary significantly from year to year, they
enable better comparison of business performance
across years. For this same reason, Novartis uses these
core measures in addition to IFRS and other measures
as important factors in assessing the Group’s perfor-
mance.

The following are examples of how these core measures
are utilized:

In addition to monthly reports containing financial infor-
mation prepared under International Financial Report-
ing Standards (IFRS), senior management receives a
monthly analysis incorporating these core measures.
Annual budgets are prepared for both IFRS and core
measures.

As an internal measure of Group performance, the core
results measures have limitations, and the Group’s per-
formance management process is not solely restricted
to these metrics. A limitation of the core results mea-
sures is that they provide a view of the Group’s opera-
tions without including all events during a period, such
as the effects of an acquisition, divestment, or amortiza-
tion/impairments of purchased intangible assets, impair-
ments to property, plant and equipment and restructur-
ings and related items.

Constant currencies

Changes in the relative values of non-US currencies to
the US dollar can affect the Group’s financial results and
financial position. To provide additional information that
may be useful to investors, including changes in sales
volume, we present information about our net sales and
various values relating to operating and net income that
are adjusted for such foreign currency effects.
Constant currency calculations have the goal of elim-
inating two exchange rate effects so that an estimate

ancial Review and Prospects

can be made of underlying changes in the consolidated

income statement excluding the impact of fluctuations

in exchanges rates:

+ The impact of translating the income statements of
consolidated entities from their non-USD functional
currencies to USD

+ The impact of exchange rate movements on the major
transactions of consolidated entities performed in cur-
rencies other than their functional currency.

We calculate constant currency measures by translating
the current year’s foreign currency values for sales and
other income statement items into USD (excluding the
IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Econo-
mies” adjustments to the local currency income state-
ments of subsidiaries operating in hyperinflationary
economies), using the average exchange rates from the
prior year and comparing them to the prior year values
in USD.

We use these constant currency measures in evalu-
ating the Group’s performance, since they may assist us
in evaluating our ongoing performance from year to year.
However, in performing our evaluation, we also consider
equivalent measures of performance that are not affected
by changes in the relative value of currencies.

Growth rate calculation

For ease of understanding, Novartis uses a sign conven-
tion for its growth rates such that a reduction in operat-
ing expenses or losses compared with the prior year is
shown as a positive growth.

Free cash flow

Novartis defines free cash flow as net cash flows from
operating activities and cash flows from investing activ-
ities associated with purchases and sales of property,
plant and equipment, of intangible assets, of financial
assets and of other non-current assets. Excluded from
free cash flow are cash flows from investing activities
associated with acquisitions and divestments of busi-
nesses and of interests in associated companies, pur-
chases and sales of marketable securities, commodities,
time deposits and net cash flows from financing activi-
ties.

Free cash flow is a non-IFRS measure and is not
intended to be a substitute measure for net cash flows
from operating activities as determined under IFRS. Free
cash flow is presented as additional information because
management believes it is a useful supplemental indica-
tor of the Group’s ability to operate without reliance on
additional borrowing or use of existing cash. Free cash
flow is a measure of the net cash generated that is avail-
able for investment in strategic opportunities, returning
to shareholders and for debt repayment. Free cash flow
is a non-IFRS measure, which means it should not be
interpreted as a measure determined under IFRS.

65


--- Page 58 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Additional information

NET DEBT

Novartis calculates net debt as current financial debts
and derivative financial instruments plus non-current
financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and mar-
ketable securities, commodities, time deposits and deriv-
ative financial instruments.

Net debt is presented as additional information
because it sets forth how management monitors net debt
or liquidity and management believes it is a useful sup-
plemental indicator of the Group’s ability to pay divi-
dends, to meet financial commitments, and to invest in
new strategic opportunities, including strengthening its
balance sheet.

For the table that shows the Group’s net debt, see
“— Item 5.B Liquidity and capital resources — Group
liquidity, financial debts and net debt.”

EBITDA

Novartis defines earnings before interest, tax, depreci-
ation and amortization (EBITDA) as operating income,
excluding depreciation of property, plant and equipment,
depreciation of right-of-use assets, amortization of intan-
gible assets, and impairments of property, plant and
equipment, right-of-use assets and of intangible assets.

66

(USD millions) 2022 2021
Operating income 9197 11 689
Depreciation of property,

plant and equipment 1163 1208
Depreciation of

right-of-use assets 300 318
Amortization of intangible

assets 3 982 3 903
impairments of property,

plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and

intangible assets * 1736 684
EBITDA 16 378 17 802

There were no impairments of right-of-use assets in 2021

ENTERPRISE VALUE

Enterprise value represents the total amount that share-
holders and debt holders have invested in Novartis, less
the Group's liquidity.

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021

Market capitalization 191 530 196 107

Non-controlling interests 81 167

Non-current financial debts 20 244 22 902

Current financial debts and

derivative financial instruments 5931 6 295

Marketable securities,

commodities, time deposits

and derivative financial

instruments. -11413 -15 922

Cash and cash equivalents -7 517 -12 407
198 856 197 142


--- Page 59 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Reconciliation from IFRS results to core results
The following tables provide an overview of the reconciliation from IFRS results to core results:

2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS results to core results

Innovative Medicines Sandoz Corporate Group
(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2022 2021
8786 10688 1448 1600 -1037 9197 11689
Amortization ofintangibleassets.——=—=~=~=S=S*~*~<“«‘“‘*~SSBSSC*CCSSC*«‘iCSS*~“‘S™CS™*~«SOG~+=«CS 7G4~
impairments
Intangible assets 1291 360 25 27 2 1318 387
Property, plant and equipment related to the Group-wide
rationalization of manufacturing sites 286 219 -2 7 284 226
Other property, plant and equipment 85 40 85 40
Total impairment charges 1 662 619 23 34 2 1 687 653
Acquisition or divestment of businesses andrelateditems.—=—=—SSSS™=~—sSSSsSSSSS
- Income -4 -64 -4  -66
- Expense 106 8 107
Total acquisition or divestment of
businesses and related items, net 8 42 4 41
Other items
Divestment gains -161 649 -4 -5 -75  -166 -728
Financial assets - fair value adjustments 134-43 126 5 260-38
Restructuring and related items
- Income -33  -32 --14— -36 -1 -6 48-74
- Expense 1572 833 167 193 449 32 2188 1058
Legal-related items
- Income -51 “11 51 -11
- Expense 364 170 56 53 420 223
Additional income -692 - 139 -6 -1 -6 -138 -704 -278
Additional expense 63 241 8 1 48 72 289
Total other items 1 196 381 211 194 564 134.~«1971 441
Totaladustments  ~~~—~~~—~SO*™*~C“i«~“‘“‘S;CO!~«~; ‘STO 8S G4 662-92 «7408 «4899
Core operating income 15237 15215 1903 2064 -475 -691 16665 16588
as % of net sales 36.9% 36. 20.6% 33.0% 32.1%
(Loss)/income from associated companies 5 2 2 15 332 -9 15339
Core adjustments to income from associated companies, net of tax - 14 346 = 14 346
Interest expense -837 811
Other financial income and expense 20. -80
Core adjustments to other financial income and expense 121 39
Income taxes, adjusted for above items (core income taxes) -2608 -2635
GorenetincomeSO™—™~—sSSC“CSsSSOSOSCSOSSCCN A 40
Core net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG 13352 14097

Core basic EPS (USD)' 6.12 6.29

* Earnings per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.

67


--- Page 60 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS results to core results - Group

Acauisition or

Amortization divestment of

of intangible. businesses and Other
2022 (USD millions unless indicated otherwise) IFRS results assets’ Impairments? __ related items? items* Core results
Gross profit 36 342 3648 338 64 40 392
Operating income 9197 3806 1 687 4 1971 16 665
Income before taxes 8371 3806 1 687 4 2092 15 960
Income taxes ® -1416 - 2608
Net income 6955 13 352
Basic EPS (USD)° 3.19 6.12
The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Other revenues 1 283 - 86 1197
Cost of goods sold - 15 486 3648 338 150 -11 350
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income
Selling, general and administration - 14 253 63 - 14190
Research and development -9 996 158 954 - 204 -9 088
Other income 805 -3 -4 -414 384
Other expense -3701 398 8 2 462 - 833
The following are adjustments to arrive at core income before taxes
Other financial income and expense 20 121 141

* Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets
research and development includes the amortization of acquired rights for technologies

* Impairments: cost of goods sold, research and development and other expense include impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income and other expense include
net impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment

® Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other income and other expense include transitional service fee income
and charges related to divestments; other income also includes adjustments to provisions; other expense includes stamp duties related to an acquisition

+ Other items: other revenues includes a net income from an outlicensing agreement; cost of goods sold, selling, general and administration, research and development, other

income and other expense include restructuring income and charges related to the restructuring initiative to implement a new streamlined organizational model, the Sandoz

strategic review, the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites and other net restructuring charges and related items; cost of goods sold, selling, general and

administration, research and development and other expense include adjustments to provisions and related items; cost of goods sold and research and development also include

contingent consideration adjustments; other income and other expense include fair value adjustments and divestment gains and losses on financial assets and legal-related items

other income also includes gains from the divestment of products and property, curtailment gains and an adjustment to an environmental provision; other expense includes a

reversal of an accrual and other costs and items; other financial income and expense includes the monetary loss on the restatement of non-monetary items for subsidiaries in

hyperinflationary economies and a revaluation impact of a financial liability incurred through the Alcon distribution

Taxes on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will finally be applicable to the item

based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. Generally, this results in amortization and impairment of intangible assets and acquisition-related
restructuring and integration items having a full tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items, although this is not always the case for items arising from legal settlements
in certain jurisdictions. Adjustments related to income from associated companies are recorded net of any related tax effect. Due to these factors and the differing effective tax
rates in the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments of USD 766 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to USD 1.2 billion. The average tax rate on the
adjustments is 15.7% since the full year core tax charge of 16.3% has been applied to the pre-tax income of the period.

® Earnings per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.


--- Page 61 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Acquisition or

Amortization divestment of

of intangible businesses and Other
2021 (USD millions unless indicated otherwise) IFRS results assets Impairments? related items? items* Core results
Gross profit 37010 3655 18 414 41 097
Operating income 11 689 3764 653 41 441 16 588
Income before taxes 26 137 3974 653 - 14531 496 16 729
Income taxes® -2119 - 2635
Net income 24018 14094
Basic EPS (USD)° 10.71 6.29
The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Cost of goods sold - 15 867 3655 18 414 -11 780
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income
Selling, general and administration - 14 886 71 -14815
Research and development -9 540 109 369 21 -9041
Other income 1852 - 100 - 66 - 1265 421
Other expense -2747 366 107 1 200 -1074
The following are adjustments to arrive at core income before taxes
Income from associated companies 15 339 210 -14 556 993
Other financial income and expense -80 -16 55 -41

Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets;
research and development includes the amortization of acquired rights for technologies; income from associated companies includes USD 210 million for the Novartis share of the
estimated Roche core items

Impairments: cost of goods sold and research and development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income and other expense include reversals of
impairment charges and impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment

Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other income includes adjustments to portfolio transformation and Alcon
spin-off accruals; other income and other expense include transitional service-fee income and expenses related to the Alcon distribution; other expense also includes adjustments
to provisions; income from associated companies includes the gain related to the divestment of our investment in Roche; other financial income and expense includes other
financial gains related to the divestment of our investment in Roche

Other items: cost of goods sold, research and development, other income and other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites; cost of goods sold, selling, general and administration, other income and other expense include other restructuring income and charges and related items;
cost of goods sold, research and development, other income and other expense also include adjustments to contingent consideration; selling, general and administration, research
and development, other income and other expense include adjustments to provisions; other income and other expense also include gains and losses from the divestment of
products and financial assets and fair value adjustments on financial assets, adjustments to environmental provisions and legal-related items; other financial income and expense
includes a charge related to the monetary loss due to hyperinflation in Argentina and Venezuela and a revaluation impact of a financial liability incurred through the Alcon
distribution

Taxes on the adjustments between IFRS and core results take into account, for each individual item included in the adjustment, the tax rate that will finally be applicable to the item
based on the jurisdiction where the adjustment will finally have a tax impact. Generally, this results in amortization and impairment of intangible assets and acquisition-related
restructuring and integration items having a full tax impact. There is usually a tax impact on other items, although this is not always the case for items arising from legal settlements
in certain jurisdictions. Adjustments related to income from associated companies are recorded net of any related tax effect. Due to these factors and the differing effective tax
rates in the various jurisdictions, the tax on the total adjustments of USD 9.4 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to USD 516 million. Excluding the gain on the
divestment of our investment in Roche, the tax on the total adjustments of USD 5.2 billion to arrive at the core results before tax amounts to USD 516 million and the average tax
rate on the adjustments was 10.0%.

® Earnings per share (EPS) is calculated on the amount of net income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG.


--- Page 62 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Innovative Medicines

2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS results to core results -

Acauisition or

Amortization divestment of
2022 of intangible. businesses and Other
(USD millions) IFRS results assets’ Impairments? __ related items? items* Core results
Gross profit 31801 3427 314 -29 35 513
Operating income 8786 3585 1662 8 1196 15 237
The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Other revenues 1249 - 86 1163
Cost of goods sold -11 569 3427 314 57 -7771
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income
Selling, general and administration -11679 50 -11 629
Research and development -9172 158 953 - 206 -8 267
Other income 531 -1 -311 219
Other expense -2695 396 8 1692 - 599

* Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets
research and development includes the amortization of acquired rights for technologies

2 Impairments: cost of goods sold, research and development and other expense include impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income and other expense include
net impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment

® Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other expense includes stamp duties related to an acquisition and
transitional service fee charges related to divestments

Other items: other revenues includes a net income from an outlicensing agreement; cost of goods sold, selling, general and administration, research and development, other
income and other expense include restructuring income and charges related to the initiative to implement a new streamlined organizational model, the Group-wide rationalization of
manufacturing sites and other net restructuring charges and related items; cost of goods sold and research and development also include contingent consideration adjustments
and adjustments to provisions and related items; other income and other expense include fair value adjustments and divestment gains and losses on financial assets and
legal-related items; other income also includes gains from the divestment of products and property, curtailment gains and an adjustment to an environmental provision; other
expense includes a reversal of an accrual and other costs and items

Acquisition or

Amortization divestment of
2021 of intangible businesses and Other
(USD millions) IFRS results assets’ Impairments? related item: items* Core results
Gross profit 32 218 3419 344 35 981
Operating income 10 688 3528 619 -1 381 15 215

The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Cost of goods sold -11751 3419 344 -7 988

The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income

Selling, general and administration - 12 306 71 - 12 235
Research and development -8 641 109 360 22 -8 150
Other income 1149 -45 -2 - 837 265
Other expense -1732 304 1 781 - 646

* Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets
research and development includes the amortization of acquired rights for technologies

2 Impairments: research and development includes impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income and other expense include reversals of impairment charges and
impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment

° Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other income and other expense include transitional service fee income
and expenses related to the Alcon distribution

* Other items: cost of goods sold, research and development, other income and other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization
of manufacturing sites; cost of goods sold, selling, general and administration, other income and other expense include other restructuring income and charges and related items;
cost of goods sold, research and development and other expense include adjustments to contingent consideration; selling, general and administration, research and development
and other expense include adjustments to provisions; other income and other expense include gains and losses from the divestment of products and financial assets and fair value
adjustments on financial assets; other expense also includes legal-related items and adjustments to environmental provisions

70


--- Page 63 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS to core results - Sandoz

Acauisition or

Amortization divestment of
2022 of intangible businesses and Other
(USD millions) IFRS results assets’ Impairments? _ related items items? Core results
Gross profit 4504 221 24 93 4 842
Operating income 1448 221 23 211 1903
The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Cost of goods sold ~4978 221 24 93-4640
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income
Selling, general and administration = 2 062 9 2053
Research and development - 824 1 2 - 821
Other income 103 -2 =14 87
Other expense - 273 121 ~ 152

* Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets

2 Impairments: cost of goods sold and research and development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income includes a reversal of an impairment charge
related to property, plant and equipment

* Other items: cost of goods sold, selling, general and administration, research and development, other income and other expense include charges related to the Sandoz strategic
review, the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites and other net restructuring charges and related items; other expense also includes legal-related items; cost of goods
sold and selling, general and administration include adjustments to provisions and related items

Acquisition or

Amortization divestment of
2021 of intangible businesses and Other
(USD millions) IFRS results ets Impairment: related items items’ Core results
Gross profit 4725 236 18 70 5 049
Operating income 1600 236 34 194 2064
The following are adjustments to arrive at core gross profit
Cost of goods sold -5 147 236 18 70 -4823
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating income
Research and development - 899 9 -1 - 891
Other income 233 -55 -51 127
Other expense -397 62 176 - 159

* Amortization of intangible assets: cost of goods sold includes the amortization of acquired rights to currently marketed products and other production-related intangible assets

* Impairments: cost of goods sold and research and development include impairment charges related to intangible assets; other income and other expense include reversals of
impairment charges and impairment charges related to property, plant and equipment

° Other items: cost of goods sold, other income and other expense include net restructuring and other charges related to the Group-wide rationalization of manufacturing sites and
other restructuring income and charges and related items; research and development includes adjustments to provisions; other income includes net gains from the divestment of a
product; other income and other expense include legal-related items


--- Page 64 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

2022 and 2021 reconciliation from IFRS results to core results - Corporate

Acauisition or

Amortization divestment of

2022 of intangible businesses and Other

(USD millions) IFRS results assets Impairments’ _ related items? items? Core results
Gross profit 37 37
Operating loss = 1037 2 564 = 475
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating loss

Selling, general and administration ~512 4 — 508
Other income 171 -4 -89 78
Other expense - 733 2 649 -82

* Impairments: other expense includes impairment charges related to intangible assets

® Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other income includes adjustments to provisions and transitional service
fee income related to divestments

° Other items: selling, general and administration, other income and other expense include restructuring income and charges related to the initiative to implement a new streamlined
organizational model, the Sandoz strategic review and other net restructuring charges and related items; other income and other expense also include fair value adjustments and
divestment gains and losses on financial assets; other income also includes a curtailment gain

Acquisition or

Amortization divestment of
2021 of intangible businesses and Other
(USD millions) IFRS results assets Impairments __related items items? Core results
Gross profit 67 67
Operating loss -599 42 - 134 -691
The following are adjustments to arrive at core operating loss.
Other income 470 -64 -377 29
Other expense -618 106 243 - 269

* Acquisition or divestment of businesses and related items, including restructuring and integration charges: other income includes adjustments to portfolio transformation and Alcon
spin-off accruals; other income and other expense include transitional service fee income and expenses related to the Alcon distribution; other expense also includes adjustments
to provisions

* Other items: other income includes an adjustment to a contingent consideration receivable; other income and other expense include fair value adjustments and divestment gains
and losses on financial assets, adjustments to environmental provisions and restructuring income and charges and related items

72


--- Page 65 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Reconciliation of 2021IFRS results and non-IFRS measures core results and free cash flow to exclude the
impacts of the 2021 divestment of our Roche investment

To enhance investor understanding of the Group’s performance in comparison with the prior year, we presented
the 2021 IFRS results and non-IFRS measures core results and free cash flow excluding the impacts related to our
Roche investment, due to its divestment in the fourth quarter of 2021.

The following tables provide areconciliation of our 2021 published IFRS results and non-IFRS measures core results
and free cash flow to the 2021 results, excluding the impacts related to our Roche investment, due to its divest-
ment.

2021

Results

Our Roche excluding

investmer Gain on impacts

impacts divestment from the

excluding of our divestment

Results as the divestment investment —_ of our Roche

(USD millions unless indicated otherwise) published gain in Roche investment

Operating income 11689 11 689

Income from associated companies 15 339 -785 - 14556 -2

Interest expense and other financial

income and expense -891 -16 - 907

Income before tax 26 137 -785  -14572 10 780

Income taxes -2119 -2119

Net income 24 018 -785  -14572 8 661

Basic earnings per share (USD) 10.71 - 0.35 - 6.50 3.86

Effective tax rate 8.1% 19.7%

Core operating income 16 588 16 588

Core income from associated companies 993 - 995 -2
Core interest expense and core other

financial income and expense - 852 - 852

Core income before tax 16 729 -995 15 734

Core income taxes -2 635 - 2635

14.094 13 099

Core basic earnings per share (USD) 6.29 5.84

Core effective tax rate? 15.8% 16.7%

Free cash flow? 13 282 -522 12 760
* Effective tax rate is calculated as Income taxes divided by Income before tax.

® Core effective tax rate is calculated as Core income taxes divided by Core income before tax.
® The free cash flow impact represents the dividend received in Q1 2021 from Roche in relation to the distribution of its 2020 net income.

73


--- Page 66 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

2021
Dividends
received from
Roche in Free cash
relation to flow excluding
the distribution dividends
2 cash flow of its 2020
(USD millions) ublished net income"
Operating income 11 689
Adjustments for no 7 030
Operating income adjusted for non-cash items 18 719
Dividends received from associated companies and others 525 -522
Interest and other financial payments, net - 953
Income taxes paid - 2342
Other operating cash flow items, net 878
Net cash flows from operating activities 15 071 522
Net purchases of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, financial assets and
other non-current assets - 1789 -1789
Free cash flow 13 282 = 522 12 760

* In 2021, the dividend received from Roche in relation to the distribution of its 2020 net income was received in Q1 2021

The following table provides a summary of the percentage point impact from excluding the effect of the divestment
of our investment in Roche (in the fourth quarter of 2021) on the USD and constant currencies % change on key
Group figures.

inuSD In constant currencies
% change % change
excluding excluding
impacts impacts
from the from the
divestment Percentage divestment Percentage
%change of our Roche point % change of our Roche point
as published —_ investment impact aspublished _ investment impact
2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022
Net income -71 -20 -51 -67 -9 -58
Basic earnings per share (USD) -70 -17 -53 -66 -7 -59
Free cash flow -10 -6 -4
Core net income -5 2 -7 3 4 -8
Core basic earnings per share (USD) -3 5 -8 6 14 -8

5.B Liquidity and capital resources

The following tables summarize the Group’s cash flows and net debt:

(USD millions) 2022 2021
Net cashflows fromoperatingactities ——SSSS™~CSsOSSSSSOC‘CSCSCS;C~S~S~SSSC‘i BSCS
Net cash flows from investing activities 1468 4 208
Net cash flows used in financing activities -20562  - 16 264
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -32 - 266
Net change in cash and cash equivalents = 4890 2749
Change in marketable securities, commodities, time deposits and derivative financial instruments - 4509 14 017
Change in current and non-current financial debts and derivative financial instruments 3.022 6 847
Change in net debt =6 377 23 613
Net debt at January 1 -868  - 24481
Net debt at December 31 7 245 868

74


--- Page 67 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Cash flow

Financial year 2022 compared with 2021

Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to
USD 14.2 billion, compared with USD 15.1 billion in 2021.
This decrease was mainly due to unfavorable changes
in working capital and lower dividends from associated
companies (2021 included the USD 0.5 billion dividends
received from our investment in Roche, which was
divested in the fourth quarter of 2021), partly offset by
lower income taxes paid and favorable hedging results.

Net cash inflows from investing activities amounted
to USD 1.5 billion, compared with USD 4.2 billion in 2021.

The current year cash inflows were driven by net pro-
ceeds of USD 4,7 billion from the sale of marketable
securities, commodities and time deposits; USD 0.5 bil-
lion from the sale of intangible assets, financial assets
and property, plant and equipment. These cash inflows
were partly offset by cash outflows of USD 1.5 billion for
purchases of intangible assets; USD 1.2 billion for pur-
chases of property, plant and equipment; USD 0.1 billion
for purchases of financial assets; and USD 0.9 billion for
acquisitions and divestments of businesses, net (primar-
ily the acquisition of Gyroscope Therapeutics Holdings
plc for USD 0.8 billion).

In 2021, net cash inflows from investing activities of
USD 4.2 billion were driven by proceeds of USD 20,7 bil-
lion from the divestment of our investment in Roche; USD
2.3 billion from the sale of marketable securities, com-
modities and time deposits; and USD 1.4 billion from the
sale of intangible assets, financial assets and property,
plant and equipment. These cash inflows were partly off-
set by USD 16.4 billion cash outflows for purchases of

Free cash flow

marketable securities and time deposits, mainly due to
the investment of a portion of the proceeds from the
divestment of our investment in Roche; USD 1.6 billion
for purchases of intangible assets (including the upfront
payment to in-license tislelizumab from an affiliate of Bei-
Gene, Ltd); USD 1.4 billion for purchases of property,
plant and equipment; USD 0.6 billion for acquisitions and
divestments of businesses, net (including the acquisition
of GSK’s cephalosporin antibiotics business for USD 351
million); and USD 0.2 billion for purchases of financial
assets.

Net cash outflows used in financing activities
amounted to USD 20.6 billion, compared with USD 16.3
billion in 2021.

The current year cash outflows were mainly driven
by USD 10.6 billion for net treasury share transactions;
USD 7.5 billion for the dividend payment; USD 2.5 billion
in aggregate for the repayment of two US dollar bonds;
and USD 0.3 billion payments of lease liabilities. These
cash outflows were partly offset by cash inflows of USD
0.3 billion from the net increase in current financial debts.

In 2021, net cash outflows used in financing activities
of USD 16.3 billion were driven by USD 7.4 billion for the
dividend payment; USD 3.0 billion for net treasury share
transactions; USD 3.5 billion net decrease in current
financial debts; and USD 2.2 billion for the repayment of
two bonds denominated in euro (notional amount of EUR
1.25 billion and of EUR 0.6 billion) at maturity. Payments
of lease liabilities and other financing cash flows resulted
in anet cash outflow of USD 0.2 billion.

Free cash flow is a non-IFRS measure, see “—Item 5.A Operating results—Non-IFRS measures as defined by

Novartis—Free cash flow” for further information.

The following table is a reconciliation of the three major categories of the IFRS consolidated statements of cash

flows to free cash flow:

2022 2021

IFRS Free IFRS Free

(USD millions) cash flow Adjustments cash flow cashflow Adjustments cashflow
Net cash flows from operating acti 14 236 14 236 15071 15071
Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities * 1468 -3759 -2291 4208 -5997 -1789
Net cash flows used in financing activities” - 20 562 20 562 oO - 16 264 16 264 oO
Free cash flow 11945 13 282

* Excluded from the free cash flow are cash flows from investing activities associated with acquisitions and divestments of businesses and of interest in associated companies,

purchases and sales of marketable securities, commodities and time deposits.
® Net cash flows used in financing activities are excluded from the free cash flow.

75


--- Page 68 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

The following table is a summary of the free cash flow:

(USD millions) 2022 2021
Operating income 9 197 11 689
Adjustments for non-cash items

Depreciation, amortization and impairments 7441 6 075

Change in provisions and other non-current liabilities 1 403 896

Other 460 59
Operating income adjustedfornon-cashitems = sSs=~—sSCSSsSC‘si‘sSsSsSsSsSC(‘<iRSODSCSC«C TT
Dividends received from associated companies and others 1 525
interest and other financial receipts 325 13
Interest and other financial payments - 728 - 966
Income taxes paid = 1975 - 2.342
Payments out of provisions and other net cash movements in non-current liabilities - 885 -1119
Change in inventories and trade receivables less trade payables = 1 467 - 329
Change in other net current assets and other operating cash flow items 464 570

S 14 236 15 071
Purchases of property, plant and equipment —1 198 —1378

Net cash flows from operating act

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 167 240
Purchases of intangible assets -1473 - 1593
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets 202 748
Purchases of financial assets -124 -194
Proceeds from sale of financial assets 133 442
Purchases of other non-current assets -4 -61
Proceeds from sale of other non-current assets 4

Free cash flow 11945 13 282

Financial year 2022 compared with 2021

Free cash flow amounted to USD 11.9 billion (-10% USD), compared with USD 13.3 billion in 2021, mainly due to a
decrease in net cash flows from operating activities and lower divestment proceeds, partly offset by lower pur-
chases of property, plant and equipment.

76


--- Page 69 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Condensed consolidated balance sheets

(USD millions) Dec 31,2022 Dec 31,2021
Assets
Property, plant and equipment 10 764 11.545
Right-of-use assets 1431 1561
Goodwill 29 301 29 595
Intangible assets other than goodwill 31 644 34 182
Investments in associated companies 143 205
Deferred tax assets 3739 3743
Financial assets and other non-current assets 3521 5 246
Total non-current assets 80 543 86 077
inventories 7 175 6 666
Trade receivables 8 066 8 005
Other current assets and income tax receivables 2739 2718
Marketable securities, commodities, time deposits and derivative financial instruments 11413 15 922
Cash and cash equivalents 7517 12 407
Total current assets 36 910 45 718
Total assets 117453131795
Equity and liabilities
Total eq 59 423 67 822
Liabilities
Financial debts 20 244 22 902
Lease liabilities 1538 1621
Deferred tax liabilities 2 686 3070
Provisions and other non-current liabilities 4906 6 172
Total non-current liab 29 374 33 765
Trade payables 5 146 5 553
Financial debts and derivative financial instruments 5931 6 295
Lease liabilities 251 275
Provisions and other current liabilities and current income tax liabilities 17 328 18 085
Total current liabi 28 656 30 208
58 030 63 973
117453131795

Assets

Total non-current assets of USD 80.5 billion at Decem-
ber 31, 2022, decreased by USD 5.5 billion compared to
December 31, 2021.

Intangible assets other than goodwill decreased by
USD 2.5 billion as additions (including the acquisition of
Gyroscope Therapeutics Holdings plc) were more than
offset by amortization, impairments and unfavorable cur-
rency translation adjustments.

Goodwill decreased by USD 0.3 billion, mainly due to
unfavorable currency translation adjustments.

Property, plant and equipment decreased by USD 0.8
billion, as net additions were more than offset by depre-
ciation, unfavorable currency translation adjustments
and impairments.

Financial and other non-current assets decreased by
USD 1.7 billion, driven by the decrease of the prepaid
post-employment benefit plans of USD 0.9 billion, result-
ing mainly from the pension accounting effects from
increases in actuarial discount rates and of USD 0.6 bil-
lion from fair value losses on listed equity and fund invest-
ments.

7

Right-of-use assets, investments in associated com-
panies and deferred tax assets were broadly in line with
December 31, 2021.

Total current assets of USD 36.9 billion at December
31, 2022, decreased by USD 8.8 billion compared to
December 31, 2021.

Cash and cash equivalents decreased by USD 4.9
billion, mainly due to the dividend payment, the purchase
of treasury shares and net repayments of financial debt,
partly offset by the cash generated from operating activ-
ities and from investing activities, which includes the net
proceeds from the sales of marketable securities, com-
modities and time deposits.

Marketable securities, commodities, time deposits
and derivative financial instruments decreased by USD
4.5 billion mainly driven by the net sales of marketable
securities, commodities and time deposits.

Inventories increased by USD 0.5 billion and trade
receivables and other current assets and income tax
receivables were broadly in line with December 31, 2021.

We consider our provisions for doubtful trade receiv-
ables to be adequate. We particularly monitor the level
of trade receivables in countries deemed to have an


--- Page 70 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

elevated credit risk. We consider macroeconomic envi-
ronment, historical experience, country and political risk,
in addition to other relevant information when assessing
risk. These risk factors are monitored regularly to deter-
mine any adjustments in risk classification. The majority
of the past due trade receivables from elevated credit
risk countries are due from local governments or from
government-funded entities. Deteriorating credit and
economic conditions as well as other factors in these
elevated credit risk countries have resulted in, and may
continue to result in, an increase in the average length
of time that it takes to collect these trade receivables
and may require the Group to re-evaluate the expected
credit loss amount of these trade receivables in future
periods. At December 31, 2022, amounts past due for
more than one year were not significant in elevated credit
risk countries.

For a table showing an overview of the aging analy-
sis of total trade receivables and the total amount of the
provision for doubtful trade receivables as of December
31, 2022, and 2021, see “Item 18. Financial Statements—
Note 15. Trade receivables.”

There is also a risk that certain countries could
devalue their currency. Currency exposures are
described in more detail in “Effects of currency fluctu-
ations.”

Liabilities
Total non-current liabilities of USD 29.4 billion decreased
by USD 4.4 billion compared to December 31, 2021.

Non-current financial debts decreased by USD 2.7
billion, mainly due to the reclassification of USD 2.3 bil-
lion from non-current to current financial debts of two
EUR denominated bonds with notional amounts of EUR
750 million and EUR 1.25 billion maturing in 2023 and
favorable currency translation adjustments of USD 0.4
billion.

Provisions and other non-current liabilities decreased
by USD 1.3 billion, mainly driven by decreases in accrued
liabilities for employee benefits of USD 1.2 billion (primar-
ily due to a decrease in accrued liabilities for defined
benefit pension plans of USD 0.9 billion, resulting from
the pension accounting effects from increases in actu-
arial discount rates), and in contingent consideration of
USD 0.3 billion, a reclassification of non-current legal
matters provisions to current portion of USD 0.2 billion,
partly offset by the increase in other non-current liabili-
ties of USD 0.4 billion.

Deferred tax liabilities decreased by USD 0.4 billion
and non-current lease liabilities were broadly in line with
December 31, 2021.

Total current liabilities of USD 28.7 billion decreased
by USD 1.6 billion compared to December 31, 2021.

78

Provisions and other current liabilities and current
income tax liabilities decreased by USD 0.8 billion, mainly
driven by the decrease in the commitment for repurchase
of own shares liability of USD 2.8 billion, partly offset by
increases in restructuring provisions of USD 0.8 billion
(primarily due to the initiative announced in April 2022,
to implement a new streamlined organizational model),
in provisions for legal matters of USD 0.5 billion, includ-
ing a USD 0.2 billion reclassification from non-current
provisions for legal matters, and in provisions for reve-
nue deductions of USD 0.3 billion.

Current financial debts and derivative financial instru-
ments decreased by USD 0.4 billion, mainly due to the
repayment of two US dollar bonds of USD 1.0 billion and
USD 1.5 billion, the closure during the third quarter of
2022 of the interest-bearing accounts of employees pay-
able on demand, which amounted to USD 1.8 billion at
December 31, 2021, and favorable currency translation
adjustments, partly offset by the reclassification from
non-current to current financial debts of USD 2.3 billion
and an increase of USD 1.9 billion in commercial paper.

Trade payables decreased by USD 0.4 billion and cur-
rent lease liabilities were broadly in line with December
31, 2021.

In our key countries, Switzerland and the United
States, assessments have been agreed by the tax author-
ities up to 2017 in Switzerland and up to 2014 in the United
States, with the exception of one open United States
position related to the 2007 tax filing. Uncertainties also
exist on the application of a taxing right based on a Ger-
man non-resident tax regulation for specific revenues
derived from German registered intellectual property
rights.

Novartis believes that its total provisions are ade-
quate based upon currently available information. How-
ever, given the inherent difficulties in estimating liabilities
in this area, Novartis may incur additional costs beyond
the amounts provided. Management believes that such
additional amounts, if any, would not be material to the
Group's financial condition but could be material to the
results of operations or cash flows in a given period.

Equity

The Group's equity decreased by USD 8.4 billion to USD
59.4 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to Decem-
ber 31, 2021.

This decrease was mainly due to the cash-dividend
payment of USD 7.5 billion, purchase of treasury shares
of USD 10.9 billion, unfavorable currency translation dif-
ferences of USD 0.5 billion and fair value adjustments on
equity securities of USD 0.4 billion. This was partially off-
set by the net income of USD 7.0 billion, decrease of the
treasury share repurchase obligation of USD 2.8 billion,
and equity-based compensation of USD 0.9 billion.


--- Page 71 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Summary of equity movements attributable to Novartis AG shareholders

Number of outstanding shares Equity attributable to
(in millions) Novartis AG shareholders
2022 2021
2022 2021 USDmillions USD millions
Balance at beginning of year 2234.9 2256.8 67 655 56 598
Shares acquired to be canceled 126.2 ~30.7  -10787  -2775
Other share purchases -1.4 =1.5 123 - 145
Exercise of options and employee transactions 1.9 0.6 88 39
Equity-based compensation 10.4 9.6 854 745
Shares delivered to Alcon employees as a result of the Alcon spin-off 0.0 0.1 5 17
Taxes on treasury share transactions 14 1
Decrease/(increase) of treasury share repurchase
obligation under a share buyback trading plan 2809 - 1040
Transaction costs, net of taxes 12
Dividends -7506  -7 368
Net income of the year attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG 6 955 24 021
Other comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of Novartis AG -839  - 2.493
Impact of change in ownership of consolidated entities -5
Other movements * 217 48
Balance at end of year 2119.6 2234.9 59 342 67 655

* Impact of hyperinflationary economies (see “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 1. Significant accounting policies’).

In 2022, Novartis repurchased a total of 126.2 million
shares for USD 10.8 billion on the SIX Swiss Exchange
second trading line, including 115.3 million shares (USD
9.9 billion) under the up-to USD 15 billion share buyback
announced in December 2021 and 10.9 million shares
(USD 0.9 billion) to mitigate dilution related to participa-
tion plans of associates. In addition, 1.4 million shares
(USD 0.1 billion) were repurchased from associates. In
the same period, 12.3 million shares (for an equity value
of USD 0.9 billion) were delivered as a result of option
exercises and share deliveries related to participation
plans of associates. Consequently, the total number of
shares outstanding decreased by 115.3 million versus
December 31, 2021. These treasury share transactions
resulted in a decrease in equity of USD 10.0 billion and
anet cash outflow of USD 10.6 billion.

In 2021, Novartis repurchased a total of 30.7 million
shares for USD 2.8 billion on the SIX Swiss Exchange
second trading line, including 19.6 million shares (USD
1.8 billion) under the up-to USD 2.5 billion share buyback
announced in November 2020, 8.6 million shares (USD
0.8 billion) to mitigate dilution related to participation
plans of associates and 2.5 million shares (USD 0.2

79

billion) under the up-to USD 15 billion share buyback
announced in December 2021. In addition, 1.5 million
shares (USD 0.1 billion) were repurchased from associ-
ates. Inthe same period, 10.3 million shares (for an equity
value of USD 0.8 billion) were delivered as a result of
options exercised and share deliveries related to partic-
ipation plans of associates. Consequently, the total num-
ber of shares outstanding decreased by 21.9 million ver-
sus December 31, 2020. These treasury share
transactions resulted in a decrease in equity of USD 21
billion and a net cash outflow of USD 3.0 billion.

Treasury shares

At December 31, 2022, our holding of treasury shares
amounted to 284.1 million shares, or approximately 12%
of the total number of issued shares. Approximately 99.0
million treasury shares were held in entities that restrict
their availability for use.

At December 31, 2021, our holding of treasury shares
amounted to 199.5 million shares, or approximately 8%
of the total number of issued shares. Approximately
102.5 million treasury shares were held in entities that
restrict their availability for use.


--- Page 72 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Effects of currency fluctuations

We transact our business in many currencies other than the US dollar, our reporting currency.

The following table provides an overview of net sales and operating expenses based on IFRS values for 2022 and

2021, for currencies most important to the Group:

2022 2021

Operating Operating

Net sales expenses e expenses
Currency % %! % 9%"
US dollar (USD) 37 36 35 35
Euro (EUR) 27 24 29 26
Swiss franc (CHF) 2 20 2 18
Chinese yuan (CNY) 6 4 6 3
Japanese yen (JPY) 4 2 5 3
Canadian dollar (CAD) 3 1 3 2
British pound (GBP) 2 2 3 2
Russian ruble (RUB) 2 1 2 1
Brazilian real (BRL) 2 1 1 1
Australian dollar (AUD) 1 1 1 1
Other currencies 14 8 13 8

* Operating expenses include cost of goods sold; selling, general and administration; research and development; other income and other expense.

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in US
dollars. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates
between the US dollar and other currencies can have a
significant effect on both the Group’s results of opera-
tions as well as the reported value of our assets, liabili-
ties and cash flows. This in turn may significantly affect
reported earnings (both positively and negatively) and
the comparability of period-to-period results of opera-
tions.

For purposes of our consolidated balance sheets, we
translate assets and liabilities denominated in other cur-
rencies into US dollars at the prevailing market exchange
rates as of the relevant balance sheet date. For purposes
of the Group’s consolidated income and cash flow state-
ments, revenue, expense and cash flow items in local
currencies are translated into US dollars at average
exchange rates prevailing during the relevant period. As
a result, even if the amounts or values of these items
remain unchanged in the respective local currency,
changes in exchange rates have an impact on the
amounts or values of these items in our consolidated
financial statements.

Because our expenditure in Swiss francs is signifi-
cantly higher than our revenue in Swiss francs, volatility

80

in the value of the Swiss franc can have a significant
impact on the reported value of our earnings, assets and
liabilities, and the timing and extent of such volatility can
be difficult to predict.

The Group manages its global currency exposure by
engaging in hedging transactions where management
deems appropriate, after taking into account the natural
hedging afforded by our global business activity. In 2022
and 2021, we entered into various contracts that change
in value with movements in foreign exchange rates, to
preserve the value of assets, commitments and expected
transactions. We use forward contracts and foreign cur-
rency options to hedge. For more information on how
these transactions affect our consolidated financial
statements and on how foreign exchange rate exposure
is managed, see “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 1.
Significant accounting policies,” “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 5. Interest expense and other financial
income and expense,” “Item 18. Financial Statements—
Note 15. Trade receivables,” “Item 18. Financial State-
ments—Note 28. Commitments and contingent liabilities”
and “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 29. Financial
instruments - additional disclosures.”


--- Page 73 ---

Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

The following table sets forth the foreign exchange rates of the US dollar against key currencies used for foreign
currency translation when preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements:

‘Average for year Year-end
USD per unit 2022 2021 Change in % 2022 2021 Changein%
Australiandollar(AUD)—ss—s~=~—“—sS*sSOSC‘“‘i‘stOHSC“‘C‘ORSOCO!*#*#*~SSOO#C«COO8OCOOS~*~“‘~‘ CCS
Brazilian real (BRL) 0.194 0.186 4 0.189 0.180 5
Canadian dollar (CAD) 0.769 0.798 -4 0.738 0.785 -6
Swiss franc (CHF) 1.048 1.094 -4 1.081 1,093 -4
Chinese yuan (CNY) 0.149 0.155 -4 0.144 0.157 -8
Euro (EUR) 1.054 1.183 -11 1.065 1.134 -6
British pound (GBP) 1.237 1.376 -10 1.207 1.351 -11
Japanese yen (JPY (100)) 0.766 0.912 -16 0.757 0.868 -13
Russian ruble (RUB (100)) 1.481 1.357 9 1.380 1.336 3

The following table provides a summary of the currency impact on key Group figures due to their conversion into
US dollars, the Group’s reporting currency. For additional information on the constant currency calculation (“cc”),
see “—Item 5.A Operating results—Non-IFRS measures as defined by Novartis—Constant currencies”.

Currency impact on key figures

Changein Percentage Change in Percentage
Change in constant point currency Change in constant point currenc:
USD % — currencies % impact USD % currencies % impact
2022 2022 2022 2021 2021 2021
Total Group
Net sales to third parties -2 4 -6 6 4 2
Operating income -24 -13 -8 15 13 2
Net income -71 -67 -4 198 195 3
Basic earnings per share (USD) -70 -66 -4 202 200 2
Core operating income 0 8 -8 8 6 2
Core net income -5 3 -8 7 5 2
Core basic earnings per share (USD) -3 6 -9 9 7 2
Innovative Medicines
Net sales to third parties -2 4 -6 8 6 2
Operating income -18 -9 -9 17 15 2
Core operating income 0 8 -8 12 10 2
Sandoz
Net sales to third parties -4 4 -8 0) -2 2
Operating income -10 -2 -8 53 48 5
Core operating income -8 -1 -7 -12 -14 2
Corporate
Operating loss -73 -84 1 nm nm nm
Core operating loss 31 28 3 - 23 - 20 -3

nm = not meaningful

For additional information on the effects of currency fluctuations, see “Item 18. Financial Statements—Note 29.
Financial instruments - additional disclosures.”

81
