

--- Page 1 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

2.1 Strategy

RWE has an ambitious growth strategy, the cornerstones of which we presented to the
public at the end of 2021. We have progressed faster than anticipated in implementing
our strategy, despite the war in Ukraine and the energy crisis triggered by it. We had
intended to almost double generation capacity in our green core business to 50 GW by
building new wind and solar farms, battery storage systems, gas-fired power plants
and electrolysers. It is already becoming apparent that we will exceed our target. An
additional mainstay of our strategy is the accelerated exit from coal-fired generation -
another area where we have stepped up the pace. We have reached an agreement with
the German government and the state of North Rhine-Westphalia to stop producing
power from lignite by as early as 2030 - eight years ahead of schedule. In so doing, we
have laid the foundations to ensure our operations are in alignment with the 1.5-degree
goal of the Paris Climate Conference.

Who we are and what we do. RWE is a leading international energy company
headquartered in Essen, Germany, with a focus on electricity generation. Renewable
energy sources such as wind and solar are an increasingly important part of our business.
Our core activities also include gas and electricity storage, the hydrogen business, trading
of energy- related commodities and innovative energy solutions for industrial customers.
We generated revenues of €38.4 billion in fiscal 2022. Our key markets are Germany, the
United Kingdom, the Netherlands and the USA. In the field of renewables, we are also active
in a whole host of other countries, for example in Poland, Spain, Italy, France, Greece,
Sweden, Denmark and Australia. We intend to further broaden the regional spread of our
renewables business.

21

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

The energy triumvirate - carbon neutrality, security and affordability. Most industrialised
countries where we do business have made their energy policies contingent on more
ambitious climate protection targets. They want to minimise greenhouse gas emissions
caused by the use of fossil fuels. Another objective is to ensure that energy supply is both
reliable and affordable. This goal has become more of a focus for policymakers as a result
of tensions on electricity and gas markets. Energy companies like RWE are faced with the
following tasks:

+ Decarbonising electricity generation. A core component of the energy transition is
moving away from electricity generation from fossil fuels and embracing renewables.
Coal and natural gas are finite resources, which when combusted lead to the emission of
greenhouse gases. By contrast, wind, solar and hydro are not only energy sources that do
not generate CO2 emissions. They are also available in abundance, enabling renewables
to provide the basis for a sustainable supply of electricity and heat. Another advantage is
that these renewable power sources allow EU member states and the UK to reduce their
dependency on fuel imports. Greater autonomy in this regard shields countries against
the fallout from rising gas and coal prices on global markets and prevents axed imports
from posing such a risk to security of supply.

Providing storage and environmentally friendly backup plants. As energy supply relies
increasingly on wind and solar farms, energy storage systems become ever more
important for stabilising the power grids. Furthermore, we need more environmentally
friendly, flexible generation assets, which can reliably produce electricity when there is no
wind and no sunshine. Modern gas-fired power stations that can be retrofitted to run on
carbon-neutral fuels will be well-positioned for this task. Hydrogen (H3) is one such fuel.
During combustion, it does not emit greenhouse gases and producing H2 can also be
carbon-free e.g. if it is made by electrolysis using renewable energy (green hydrogen).
Moreover, there is a need to secure long-term, diversified supplies of natural gas and
climate-friendly hydrogen.


--- Page 2 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Replacing fossil fuels with green power. Reducing emissions only in the electricity
sector is not enough to achieve climate neutrality. Action also needs to be taken in the
manufacturing, heat and transportation sectors. At present, oil, coal and gas cover more
than 70% of European energy consumption. Switching to electricity produced with
carbon-neutral methods - e.g. by using heat pumps instead of oil and gas heating
systems - also enables emission reductions across sectors. Electrification is indispensable
to achieving climate goals. This is why demand for electricity in our markets is expected to
increase significantly.

+ Establi:
if solutions are also found for applications where direct electrification is not an option.
Examples of this are the production of steel and fertilisers. In the near future, hydrogen

hing the hydrogen economy. The economy can only be completely decarbonised

produced using climate-neutral methods would be a solution. As previously explained,
hydrogen can contribute to lowering greenhouse gas emissions in other ways on top of
using it to generate electricity.

We're driving the energy transition. RWE is well positioned to contribute to transforming
the energy sector and the broader economy in all of the areas discussed above. That is
precisely what we are doing, by investing billions of euros in wind power, photovoltaics,
battery storage and the hydrogen economy, phasing out coal-based generation, building
environmentally friendly backup capacities and helping industrial customers to optimise
energy consumption. In addition, we are working with policymakers to ensure security of
supply. This task has become more important due to the war in Ukraine. For instance, we are
organising imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG) to Germany and helping to develop the
necessary LNG infrastructure. At the behest of the German government, we continue to
operate two lignite units and our Emsland nuclear power station which had been scheduled
to be decommissioned on 31 December 2022. We also temporarily put three lignite units
which had been placed in reserve back online. However, the interim increase in coal-fired
power generation does not change our long-term commitment to a fully decarbonised
energy value chain.

22

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

At the Paris Climate Conference in 2015, the international community committed to
limiting the increase in average global temperatures to well below two degrees Celsius
compared to pre-industrial levels, preferably to 1.5 degrees Celsius. RWE aims to be carbon
neutral by 2040 at the latest, ten years earlier than the EU. Not only does this apply to our
own greenhouse gas emissions, it also covers the upstream and downstream value chain.
At the end of 2020, the independent Science Based Targets initiative confirmed that the
emission reductions we have planned for this decade are in line with the Paris target of
‘significantly less than 2 degrees Celsius. However, we are now working towards decreasing
carbon emissions even further: in October 2022, we agreed with the German government
and the state of North Rhine-Westphalia that we would phase out German lignite-fired
power production by 2030, eight years ahead of the exit date established by law. In doing
so, we will create the basis for complying with the 1.5-degree Celsius target.

Sustainability - at the heart of our corporate culture. Our mission statement ‘Our energy
for a sustainable life’ expresses our purpose as a company and reaffirms our commitment
to sustainability as a guiding principle of our actions. Although cutting greenhouse gas
emissions may be a priority for us, it is not our only focus. Sustainability is measured in a
myriad of ways. The expression is generally used within the context of environment, social
and governance (ESG). Working together with internal and external experts, we defined the
fields of action that are most significant for RWE and what we want to achieve in these
areas. Further information on our ESG goals and the degree to which we have achieved
them can be found on pages 78 et seqq. of this report.


--- Page 3 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Growing Green - our strategic roadmap to 2030. In November 2021, we informed the
public about the strategy and goals for our business activities during the current decade at
our Capital Market Day. Profitable growth in our green core business forms the centrepiece
of our strategy, which is called ‘Growing Green’. At the Capital Market Day, we announced
our intention to invest approximately €50 billion in new wind farms, photovoltaic assets,
battery storage, gas-fired power plants and electrolysers in the 10-year period from 2021
to the end of 2030. After deducting cash flows from divestments, this capital expenditure
should total approximately €30 billion. We had thought that this would enable us to expand
our green generation capacity (including battery storage systems and electrolysers) to

50 GW by 2030. This figure has been prorated, meaning that it reflects capacity based on
our shareholding ratios. However, as the rollout of our growth strategy is coming along
better than expected, we now expect investments to be higher. Our green capacity should
significantly exceed 50 GW by 2030. This is in part attributable to the acquisition of US
energy company Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses which has made us one of the leading
solar power producers in the USA. This year, we will revise our strategy and update our
growth targets. We want to present the results of this to the public at our next Capital Market
Day, which has been scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2023.

Turning to the individual components of our growth programme:

+ Offshore Wind. We are a world leader in offshore wind. At the end of 2022, we had a total
pro-rata capacity of 3.3 GW in this field. We intend to increase this figure to 8 GW by
2030. We currently operate wind farms in the coastal waters of the United Kingdom,
Germany, Belgium, Sweden and Denmark. Europe is our most important growth region, as
exemplified by the British projects Sofia (1.4 GW) and Dogger Bank South (3 GW) as well
as Thor (1 GW) located off the coast of Denmark. However, we are also looking to markets
outside Europe: together with local partner companies, we are working on projects in the
USA, Japan, Taiwan, South Korea and India. Last year, we secured areas for offshore wind
farms in the New York Bight and off the Californian and the Dutch coasts through
auctions. But we are seizing more than just geographic opportunities, as we tap into new

23

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

technological options as well. In order to realise the full potential of offshore wind, we will
also be expanding our generation portfolio in the future with the addition of floating wind
turbines, which can be operated in deep waters. Together with our partners, we are
exploring which types of floating foundation offer the best technical capabilities (see
pages 27 et seq,).

Onshore Wind / Solar. We also command a strong position in onshore wind. By the end of
2022, our prorated generation capacity totalled 8 GW, and we aim to increase it to

12 GW by 2030. In terms of solar, we are still in the starting phase: at the end of 2022 our
PV portfolio had a capacity of 0.8 GW. Over the course of the current decade, we expect
to add significantly more assets. Our original target was 8 GW. Through the acquisition of
Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses, we will exceed this figure by a considerable margin.
We are concentrating our onshore wind and solar efforts on North America, Europe and
Australia, where we are looking to diversify geographically. Our main focus in terms of
growth ventures is on countries and market segments harbouring potential for more than
one technology, e. g. for photovoltaics plus wind energy and/or battery storage.

Battery storage. The increased dependence on more variable energy sources such as
wind and photovoltaics calls for more battery storage systems. RWE has been involved in
the development, construction and operation of large-scale batteries for many years now.
During this decade, we are targeting an installed capacity of 3 GW, compared to 274 MW
(pro rata) at the end of 2022. In June 2022, we commissioned a key battery project in
Hickory Park in the US state of Georgia, which consists of a 196 MW solar farm coupled to
a 40 MW battery storage system. This combination enables electricity feed-ins into the
local grid to be optimised, thereby improving the solar plant's yield. Future photovoltaic
projects will largely follow this approach. We are also building battery storage to provide
grid services. Two examples of this are the megabatteries with capacities of 72 MW and
45 MW, which we installed at our German power plant sites in Werne and Lingen (see
page 40).


--- Page 4 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

+ Flexible gas-fired power stations. The supply gap caused by the coal phaseout cannot
be plugged with battery storage solutions alone. We need to build flexible, low-carbon
backup capacities that can balance out the fluctuations in power generation from solar
and wind. Gas-fired power plants play a key role in this regard. We see a need for
investments in Germany, where we plan to build gas-fired power stations with a total
capacity of 3 GW. Potential sites include locations in North Rhine-Westphalia which have
until now been utilised for coal-fired generation. That said, we will only make these
investments if Germany provides the necessary incentives, which could include
investment subsidies, for example. Furthermore, conditions must be in place for us to
operate our gas-fired power stations using green hydrogen over the longer term. We are
planning the necessary retrofits throughout Europe for existing assets and have already
finalised the relevant concepts. In power plants that do not run on hydrogen, carbon
dioxide could be separated from the flue gases and stored underground or used to
produce plastics or fuels.

Hydrogen. The hydrogen economy is a crucial part of the energy transition and a perfect
complement to our business model. We want to be active along the entire value chain,
from green electricity generation and hydrogen production through electrolysis to
hydrogen trading and storage to the conclusion of individual supply agreements with
major industrial customers. Our regional focus for these activities is on Germany, the
Netherlands and the United Kingdom. In recent years, we have forged a range of
partnerships with businesses and research institutes seeking to work closely with us to
develop a comprehensive hydrogen infrastructure. Noteworthy projects include the

German GET H2 and AquaVentus initiatives as well as Eemshydrogen in the Netherlands.

More information on our hydrogen strategy and our major projects can be found at
www.rwe.com/hydrogen.

24

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Energy trading and customer solutions. In addition to power generation, we are also
focused on energy trading as one of our core competencies. It is managed by the Group
company RWE Supply & Trading, which acts as our interface to the energy markets. Around
200 specialists trade electricity, fuel and emission rights around the clock. In addition,
RWE Supply & Trading markets the electricity from our power stations and procures the fuel
and emission allowances required to produce it. The objective here is to limit price risks. On
top of that, the company is in charge of the commercial optimisation of our power plant
dispatch, with associated earnings going to our generation companies. Companies outside
of the RWE Group can also benefit from the expertise of our trading subsidiary. They are
offered a wide range of products and services, running the gamut from traditional energy
supply contracts and comprehensive energy management solutions to sophisticated risk
management concepts.

Above and beyond this, RWE Supply & Trading has established itself as an intermediary for
pipeline gas and liquefied natural gas (LNG). Thus, in addition to meeting the needs of our
Group companies, it also serves numerous industrial customers around the world. To this
end, RWE Supply & Trading enters into long-term supply agreements with producers,
organises gas transportation by booking pipelines, LNG tankers and regasification
terminals as well as using storage facilities to time deliveries. In this regard, the greater the
size and diversification of the procurement and supply portfolios, the better the chances to
commercially optimise them. The gas business also opens up opportunities for hydrogen
activities. For example, we are planning to build a second terminal next to the LNG terminal
planned in Brunsbittel - on which we report on page 411 - for importing green ammonia
that could be used to generate hydrogen.


--- Page 5 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

Socially acceptable phaseout of coal-fired generation. Our growth programme is flanked
by an accelerated coal exit. In the United Kingdom and Germany, we already phased out
hard-coal-fired power generation in 2019 and 2021, respectively. We are currently using
hard coal in only our Dutch stations Amer 9 and Eemshaven, where biomass is co-fired.
From 2025 and 2030, respectively, we will no longer be using hard coal in these plants.
Conversely, the phaseout of lignite, which is produced and used to generate electricity in
the Rhenish region to the west of Cologne, is significantly more complex for RWE due to the
social ramifications. We agreed with the German government and the state of North
Rhine-Westphalia that we would stop producing electricity from lignite in the Rhenish
mining region as soon as 2030 for climate reasons. In contrast, policymakers ordered
limited lifetime extensions for five of our lignite units, in order to ensure security of supply.
These measures are deviations from the present exit roadmap and require plans to be
substantially adjusted. First and foremost, this affects our employees. We will do all we can to
avoid social hardship for our staff. As before, comprehensive compensatory measures will
be taken for the affected individuals, such as a statutory adjustment allowance.

Our responsibility to the people in the Rhenish region does not end at the factory gates:
despite the coal phaseout, we want to play our part in ensuring that the region remains
structurally resilient and integrated within the energy sector, e.g. through the expansion of
renewable energy. We intend to build no less than SOO MW of wind and solar capacities in
the Rhenish region alone. Parts of the recultivated land are very well suited for these plans.
Three RWE wind farms are already located there. We also want to continue using the power
plant sites, for instance by operating new hydrogen-compatible gas-fired power stations. In
addition, there are plans to build an innovation, technology and commercial park in and
around Frimmersdorf and we are going to build a megabattery in Neurath. Furthermore, we
are researching power-to-gas technology at the Niederaussem Innovation Centre. This is
where, since 2013, we have used hydrogen and carbon dioxide made by electrolysis to
produce fuel and feedstock for the chemical industry for research purposes.

25

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Nuclear power - our focus is on safe and efficient dismantling. Germany's nuclear
phaseout is a done deal. The German government may have delayed the decommissioning
of the last three nuclear power stations from 31 December 2022 to 15 April 2023 to
ensure security of supply in the winter of 2022/2023, however, this does not equate to a
change in German energy policy. One of the three remaining German nuclear plants - the
Emsland station near Lingen - is operated by RWE. We expect the unit to be finally
decommissioned in April 2023. After that, our nuclear activities will be exclusively focused
onthe safe and efficient dismantling of decommissioned plants. Moreover, we are making
efforts to ensure that the sites continue to be used for energy-related purposes. For
example, we built a gas-fired plant in Biblis, which will help stabilise power grid frequency
from 2023, thus making a contribution to security of supply.

RWE AG’s management system. Our management system is geared towards sustainable
growth that creates value and is based on RWE's strategic guidelines. To develop these
guidelines, we analyse the market environment and competitiveness of our segment
activities, identify growth potential and weigh up the opportunities and risks involved. Which
projects are ultimately realised is at the discretion of the management of the Group
company concerned. Larger investments are approved by the Executive Board of RWE AG.
It also determines the allocation of capital, the long-term portfolio development and the
type of financing.

To operationally manage the Group's activities, RWE AG deploys a groupwide planning

and controlling system, which allows for timely, detailed insights into the current and
prospective development of the company’s assets, financial position and net earnings.
Based on the targets set by the Executive Board and management's expectations regarding
the development of the business, once a year we deliver our medium-term and long-term
plans, in which we forecast the development of key financial indicators. The medium-term
plan contains the budget figures for the following fiscal year and planned figures for the two
years thereafter. The Executive Board submits the plan to the Supervisory Board, which
reviews and approves it. During each fiscal year, we produce internal forecasts based on the
budget. Members of the Executive Board of RWE AG and the main operating companies


--- Page 6 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Strategy

meet regularly to analyse our financial position, net worth and earnings and update the
forecasts. In the event that the forecast figures deviate significantly from the budget figures
during a fiscal year, we analyse the underlying reasons and take countermeasures if
necessary. We also immediately notify the capital market if published forecasts need to be
modified.

Key earnings indicators. Among other things, we use key earnings indicators such as
EBITDA, EBIT and net income to manage our business; however, we adjust these indicators
by removing special items. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortisation. In order to improve its explanatory power in relation to the development
of ordinary activities, we carry out adjustments: non-operating or aperiodic effects are
removed and presented in the non-operating result. This applies to capital gains or losses,
temporary effects from the fair valuation of derivatives, goodwill impairments and other
relevant special items. Subtracting operating depreciation and amortisation from adjusted
EBITDA yields adjusted EBIT. Adjusted net income is another key operating indicator for us.
We calculate it by correcting net income to exclude the non-operating result. Instead of the
actual tax rate, which reflects one-off effects, we apply the budgeted rates of 15% (until
2022) and 20% (from 2023), which we have derived in consideration of the (expected)
taxable earnings in our core market and the tax rates applicable there.

Expected minimum return on investments. We primarily use the internal rate of return (IRR)
to evaluate the attractiveness of investment projects. We only undertake projects if - at the
time of the investment decision - the expected IRR stays within a defined minimum
threshold, which is determined using the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). The
expected minimum returns are calculated by taking the WACC plus project-specific risk
premiums, which usually range from 100 to 300 basis points, depending on the technology
or region.

26

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Safeguarding our financial strength and creditworthiness. The RWE Group's financial
position is analysed using cash flows from operating activities, amongst other things. We
also attach special importance to the development of free cash flow, which is derived by
deducting capital expenditure from cash flows from operating activities and adding
proceeds from divestments and asset disposals. Net cash/net debt is another indicator of
RWE's financial strength: it is calculated by deducting provisions for pensions and similar
obligations for the dismantling of renewables assets and for nuclear waste management to
RWE's net financial position. Conversely, mining provisions, our 15% stake in EON and
compensation for the German lignite exit we expect to receive from the German
government, are disregarded.

In managing our indebtedness, we orientate ourselves towards the leverage factor, i.e. the
ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA in our core business. Given that we recorded negative
net debt, i.e. net cash, as of 31 December 2022, the leverage factor was below zero.

In future, we expect net debt to trend upward, as we will partially finance our growth
investments with debt capital. Over the medium term, however the leverage factor should
not exceed 3.0, as we wish to maintain our financial flexibility. For the period after 2025 we
believe that an upper limit of 3.5 is acceptable, as the expansion of renewables will further
enhance our financial stability.


--- Page 7 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

2.2 Innovation

As an energy provider, we tend to be focused more on using rather than researching
new technologies. Nevertheless, we do still contribute to innovation in our industry -
whether it be by launching new projects, making funds available, creating the
necessary infrastructure or offering our experience as a technology-forward company.
This past year, we helped drive 188 research and development i
Approximately 340 RWE employees made this happen, with many taking on these
projects in addition to their normal workload. They all want to do their bit to make our
energy supply more sustainable and - above all - climate friendly.

iatives.

Solutions for a sustainable energy system. RWE is innovative in many ways. We are
motivated both by a desire to remain competitive in an ever-changing environment as well
as a passion to be a driving force of this change. Our innovation projects are dedicated to
developing solutions that help us advance the utilisation of renewable energy, expand
energy storage and become involved in large-scale hydrogen production. We also want to
play a part in building a circular economy which puts carbon dioxide to the best ecological
use.

Our 1,184 patents and patent applications, based on 233 inventions, are testimony to
RWE's capability for innovation, as are our range of activities in the field of research and
development (R&D). Last year, we drove forward 188 R&D projects, with around 340 RWE
employees working full or part time on these endeavours. Such ventures often entail working
with other companies or research institutions, allowing us to benefit from their valuable
insights. This approach is also financially advantageous, as the costs are then shouldered by
many stakeholders. Last year, our R&D spending amounted to €20 million (previous year:
€22 million). On the following pages, we present a small selection of our current innovation
projects. They illustrate the breadth and variety of the challenges we face in light of the
energy transition and demonstrate the creativity with which we are tackling them.

27

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

German premiere for fully recyclable rotor blades. Wind energy is only truly renewable

if the wind turbines themselves are also renewable. Nowadays, they are already up to
90% recyclable. The main sticking point to becoming fully recyclable are the rotor blades.
The significant dynamic forces they must withstand during operation make composite
materials indispensable. However, these materials are difficult to dismantle and therefore
cannot be recycled. This is due to the glass fibre-reinforced epoxy resin that becomes
completely solid once hardened. We are the first company in Germany to introduce fully
recyclable rotor blades - namely at the new Kaskasi wind farm off the coast of Heligoland,
which we completed in late 2022. Three of the wind farm's 38 wind turbines, supplied by
Siemens Gamesa, feature rotor blades made from a new type of resin that allows for the
different materials to be separated. Taking this approach largely preserves their properties,
and allows for the individual materials to be reused once the rotor blade has reached the
end of its life. We are now testing the new rotor blades under real-world conditions. If they
prove effective, we also intend to use them in future wind farms.

Revolutionising offshore wind with floating wind turbines. Most offshore wind farms have
one thing in common: they are located in shallow coastal waters with the turbines firmly
anchored to the seabed. For a long time, areas with waters that exceeded 60 metres in
depth were off-limits to offshore wind farms due to the limitations of fixed-bottom
foundations. But the tide is turning - thanks to the development of floating turbines, which
are mounted on buoyant platforms made of steel or concrete and secured to the seabed
using mooring systems. These units unlock the possibility of generating power in deeper,
hitherto untapped waters. RWE has taken a leading role in developing this new market. We
are currently involved in demonstration projects, researching the pros and cons of various
floating foundations. We reported on a number of these plans, e.g. the TetraSpar
Demonstrator and DemoSATH projects, in last year’s Annual Report on page 30 et seq. Our
TetraSpar Demonstrator, located off the coast of Norway, went online in 2021. We are
currently assessing whether its behaviour under real-world conditions aligns with our
assumptions from prior calculations and tests.


--- Page 8 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

Our DemoSATH project, which is being delivered in partnership with Saitec Offshore
Technologies, reached an important milestone in 2022: the catamaran-like floating
platform, which has been equipped with a 2 MW turbine, was launched into the water in the
port of Bilbao, northern Spain. In a next step scheduled for this year, it will be attached to a
preinstalled single-point mooring system in the Bay of Biscay. This will allow the floating
turbine to adjust its position depending on the direction of the wind, ocean currents and
waves. The system has already been used to great success in oil and gas extraction. We will
now be using it - on a much greater scale - for offshore wind, allowing us to lay the
groundwork to scale up the technology even further.

RWE sounds out potential for offshore photovoltaics. As we are already using wind
turbines at sea, why can't we operate offshore solar farms? Well, we believe we can! Our first
floating solar farm became operational in the middle of 2022. With 13,400 modules and a
total capacity of 6.1 MW, it is located on a lake near our Amer power station in the
Netherlands. Now we want to show that we can even generate solar power in more
challenging maritime conditions. We see significant potential, particularly for areas with high
solar irradiation, such as the Mediterranean Sea, as the technology offers a solution to the
growing issue of land shortages. We also believe combining the technology with offshore
wind farms will prove particularly beneficial as the surface of the sea can be used more
efficiently for electricity generation. This will also unlock potential synergies in terms of plant
construction and maintenance at sea.

RWE has joined forces with leading technology partners through pilot projects aimed at
driving the commercialisation of offshore photovoltaics. We are participating in the EU-
funded research initiative EU-SCORES, which is testing a 3 MW offshore photovoltaic plant
from the company Oceans of Energy, for example. It is located off the coast of Belgium and
should start producing electricity this year. We are also collaborating on a second project
with Dutch-Norwegian start-up SolarDuck: our partner will be commissioning a 0.5 MW pilot

28

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

plant in the North Sea. Photovoltaics at sea call for wind- and wave-proof technology that
can withstand being exposed to seawater. These two pilot projects will give us valuable
practical insights that could help us drive the commercialisation of offshore photovoltaics.

Hydrogen - an indispensable part of the energy transition. Hydrogen is an all-rounder
when it comes to the energy transition. It can be produced climate-neutrally, for example
using electrolysis with electricity from renewable sources, and it can also be re-electrified if
necessary. This makes it an ideal storage medium for wind and solar power. It also acts as
an excellent fossil fuel substitute for industrial processes that cannot be decarbonised such
as steel or fertiliser manufacturing, for example. It is no wonder that developing the
hydrogen economy is such a high political priority. And RWE has taken a leading role in this
regard. Together with our partners, we are currently working on around 30 hydrogen
projects centred on Germany, the Netherlands and the UK. We report on our most important

projects at www.rwe.com/hydrogen.

First steps towards large-scale hydrogen production. One of the first cross-sector
hydrogen initiatives in Germany is GET H2. RWE, BASF, BP, Evonik, Nowega, OGE,
Thyssengas, Uniper and a host of other companies and scientific institutions are
participating in the project. GET H2 spans the entire hydrogen value chain, from production
and transport to usage. The long-term objective is to build a nationwide hydrogen
infrastructure in Germany. As part of the initiative, in 2020 we joined forces with partners in
the vicinity of our Lingen power station to launch the GET H2 Nukleus project. By 2026,
three electrolysers are set to be built on the site, each with a capacity of LOO MW. The aim is
to use electrolysis technology on a larger scale to bring it to mass production and unlock
economies of scale. As a first step, we want to trial two electrolysis technologies under
industrial conditions. To make this possible, we have ordered a 10 MW pressurised alkaline
electrolyser from Sunfire and a 4 MW proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolyser from


--- Page 9 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

Linde. RWE will own and operate both systems. The combined pilot plant will generate

up to 290 kg of hydrogen per hour using green power as of mid 2023. The trial is currently
scheduled to last three years and we will be investing approximately €30 million. The
government of Lower Saxony believes the initiative is so important, that it wants to help
shoulder the costs.

RWE and OGE launch large-scale hydrogen infrastructure project. During the year, we
launched another initiative for driving the development of German hydrogen infrastructure
together with gas grid operator OGE. The project is named Hercules, and both partners
have clearly defined roles: RWE will provide the green hydrogen and OGE will deliver it to the
customer. To ensure the latter, our partner will need to convert existing natural gas pipelines
to carry hydrogen and also build new ones. The plan is to construct a network spanning
approximately 1,500 kilometres that will connect electrolysers, storage facilities and import
terminals in the north with industrial customers in the west and south of Germany. By the
end of the decade, RWE plans to construct electrolysers with a total capacity of 1 GW along
the pipelines and import large volumes of hydrogen. We are also planning to connect no less
than 2 GW of hydrogen-capable gas-fired power stations to the network. RWE and OGE
made the infrastructure concept for H2ercules public in March 2022, with a view to
completing the project as early as 2030. The fact that the initiative is something of a
herculean task is also reflected in the required budget, which we have set at €3.5 billion. The
consumption centres located along the planned route will account for around two-thirds of
Germany's expected hydrogen demand. The first major companies, including Thyssenkrupp
for example, have expressed their interest in being connected to the network.

EU-backed project in the Netherlands - RWE turns waste into hydrogen. The prospect of
a circular economy is becoming increasingly popular in Europe. A key element is recycling
waste - namely by turning it into raw materials for manufacturing purposes, for example.
This is where RWE's Dutch project, FUREC (Fuse, Reuse, Recycle), comes in - which received
a €108 million grant from the EU Innovation Fund in early 2023. We want to turn waste into
hydrogen that can then be used in the chemical industry or to generate power. First, we will

29

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

need to develop a waste-to-hydrogen plant at the Chemelot industrial park in the Dutch
province of Limburg. The plan is to process waste from the region, creating biomass pellets
which are then turned into Hz. The hydrogen is considered to be ‘green if it is made using
organic materials, and is circular if it is recovered from plastic waste. FUREC is pioneering in
three areas: hydrogen production, CO2 reduction and waste management. The final
decision on the construction of the plant will be made in the coming year. If the project
becomes a reality, it could serve as a blueprint for similar projects at other RWE sites across
Europe.

Underground carbon storage - an opportunity for our Pembroke gas-fired power plant.
The complete decarbonisation of industrial processes will most likely remain elusive in the
coming decades. So the question of whether Europe is able to meet its target of carbon
neutrality by the middle of the century or not will essentially depend on how we deal with the
COz that is unavoidably emitted during manufacturing processes. One option is to capture
the carbon dioxide and store it below ground, preventing it from entering the atmosphere,
in a process known as carbon capture and storage (CCS). Countries such as the UK, the
Netherlands and Norway are either already using CCS technology or are planning its
application on an industrial scale.

RWE has been exploring CCS technology for many years now and, to date, our R&D projects
in this field have largely been focused on the Niederaussem Innovation Centre in the
Rhenish lignite-mining region. We now have another site, the Pembroke Net Zero Centre
(PNZC), located next to the eponymous gas-fired power station in Wales. The site will be
dedicated to a range of activities aiming to decarbonise the energy economy. In addition to
CCS, we are also looking into the production and electrification of hydrogen and are even
researching floating offshore wind in the Celtic Sea. Most recently, the PNZC honed in on the
technical options for separating carbon dioxide from flue gases and commissioned Fluor
Corporation to produce a feasibility study. The results have been available since early 2023
and we will use them in deciding on possible retrofits to the Pembroke power plant or other
generation assets.


--- Page 10 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Innovation

Carbon as a component of sustainable aviation fuel. CCS technology is used to store
captured carbon dioxide in subterranean layers of rock on land or under the seabed. A
clever alternative would be to give the CO2 a purpose, for example by combining it with
green hydrogen to create chemical products (e.g. plastics) or synthetic fuels. This is known
as carbon capture and usage (CCU). For more than ten years now, we have been developing
techniques that use CO3 in an ecologically meaningful way. In doing so, we collaborate with
manufacturing firms, universities and research institutes.

One of our current R&D projects is investigating the potential for deriving sustainable
aviation fuel from carbonaceous waste. In doing so, we are collaborating with BP Europa
and the Julich Research Centre. The first project milestone was compiling a study titled
“NRW-Revier-Power-to-BioJetFuel’, which focused on determining what regulatory
framework would be necessary to operate a demonstration plant in the Rhenish region for
deriving synthetic fuels from alternative carbon sources (e.g. sewage sludge or biomass).
The study also considered to what extent the resulting fuels could be further processed

and used for industrial applications in an existing refinery in North Rhine-Westphalia. The
report was finalised in May 2022 and the results are now being used to assess the feasibility
of a concrete initiative. We are planning to take carbon dioxide from the flue gases of a
sewage sludge incineration plant and convert it into kerosene by adding green hydrogen.
The hydrogen will be manufactured on site using electricity from a nearby wind farm.
Alternatively, it could also be delivered by pipeline, in which case an offshore wind farm in the
North Sea could act as a power source for the electrolysis. The proof of concept is likely to be
finished in the summer of 2023. If the results are promising, project development for the
construction of a carbon capture demonstration plant could start as early as this year.
However, this requires the necessary regulatory framework to be established which allows
for the application of sustainable fuels.

30

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

How we plan to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. According to the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), it will not be possible to meet the

Paris Agreement's 1.5-degree warming target by simply emitting less CO>. In addition,
comprehensive measures must be applied to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
One particularly promising project aimed at delivering these negative emissions is our
Dutch initiative, BECCUS@Amer & Eemshaven. The concept involves our Amer and
Eemshaven power stations, which are currently hard coal and biomass-fuelled, being
converted to run on 100 percent biomass. The fuel is deemed carbon-neutral as the gases
emitted when burning the plants are reabsorbed as the vegetation grows back. The initiative
has to go one step further to achieve negative emissions. The plan is to capture the carbon
dioxide emitted by the two plants. We could then either store it underground or use it to
produce chemical raw materials, which are entirely reliant on CO>. This would allow us to
play an integral part in helping the Netherlands to reach its climate targets. However, the
local authorities will need to introduce a suitable regulatory framework offering economic
incentives for projects such as BECCUS@Amer & Eemshaven. We remain optimistic that this
framework can be established, allowing us to move forward with our plans.


--- Page 11 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

2.3 Business environment

Russia’s war against Ukraine caused severe turbulence on European energy markets
with electricity and gas trading at extreme highs. In response, the EU and the UK
introduced new energy policies to become more independent of commodity imports
from Russia. In doing so, the countries have moved to expedite the expansion of
renewables. Temporary special levies on energy producer’s revenues and relief
packages for customers were also unveiled. Meanwhile, the US government introduced
its Inflation Reduction Act, paving the way for a stable, attractive support framework
for investments in green tech.

Regulatory environment

EU Commission unveils REPowerEU package of measures. Since February 2022,
political and economic developments on the energy markets have been dominated by
the war in Ukraine. Cancelled commodity deliveries from Russia have caused prices to
soar to record highs and led various European states to introduce measures to safeguard
security of supply. The EU also responded swiftly to the new political situation. In May, the
EU Commission unveiled REPowerEU, a package of measures intended to establish a
climate-friendly European energy supply that is independent of Russia. At its core, the
package envisages an accelerated expansion of renewables, with an increased 45 %
share of primary energy consumption by 2030; the previous target had been set at 32 %.
The EU aims to boost wind power capacity to 510 GW and increase solar capacity to
almost 600 GW over the current decade. In addition, it is looking to drive the ramp-up of
the hydrogen economy, particularly in the transport and industrial sectors. By 2030,
annual domestic green hydrogen production volumes in the EU should hit 10 million
metric tons - with imports to match. According to the Commission's plans, Europe's future
gas supply will rely largely on imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from overseas.

31

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Once the European heads of government had thrown their weight behind the package at
the end of May, the Commission began drafting the necessary legislation. The European
Parliament and the Council of Ministers have already reached a provisional agreement on
financing: the EU recovery package introduced during the pandemic will be bolstered by
an additional €20 billion. The necessary funds will be raised through the sale of emission
allowances from the Innovation Fund (€12 billion) and the frontloading of allowances

(€8 billion).

EU wants to overhaul emissions trading. In December, the European Parliament and the
Council of Ministers agreed on a reform of the European Emissions Trading System (ETS),
which is due to become effective on 1 January 2024. According to the plans, the sectors
covered by the ETS will have to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by 62 % by 2030
compared to 2005. The previous target had been set at 43 %. The ambitious guideline is a
result of the EU's 2021 decision to raise its climate targets. To drive decarbonisation, the EU
will cut the number of certificates in 2024 and 2026 by 90 million and 27 million,
respectively. The number of available CO, certificates issued to the market will be reduced
annually by 4.3 % (from 2024) and 4.4 % (from 2028). Currently, the reduction factor is
2.2%. In addition, each year 24 % of the surplus certificates in circulation will continue to be
held back until 2030 and transferred to a market stability reserve. Under previous
legislation, the rate was to be lowered to 12% in 2024. The reform also provides for a
separate emissions trading system for the transport and construction sectors, which is
expected to be implemented by 2028 at the latest.


--- Page 12 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Taxonomy criteria for gas and nuclear plants approved. In mid-2022, it was established
that gas-fired and nuclear power plants can be classified as sustainable subject to certain
criteria in accordance with the European Taxonomy Regulation. In February 2022, the

EU Commission signed a delegated act that established the necessary classification
framework. The European Parliament and the Council of Ministers indirectly gave their
approval by allowing their right to veto to expire on 11 July. The criteria, put forward by

the Commission therefore entered into force on 1 January 2023. The regulations relating
to gas-fired power stations are relevant for RWE: these stations can be considered
sustainable transition activities, provided they are approved by 2030. They must replace
more emission-intensive plants and be exclusively fired with environmentally friendly gases
such as hydrogen from 2036 onwards. In addition, their CO emissions should not be too
high. The delegated act specifies two upper limits, one of which must be complied with:
270 g CO3/kWh in direct greenhouse gas emissions or 550 kg CO3/kW as the annual
average of direct emissions over 20 years.

EU nations and the UK introduce extraordinary levies on electricity revenues. In light of
the extremely high energy prices, many European countries introduced measures to bring
relief for consumers and redirect producers’ excess earnings. Since then, power producers
must pay temporary levies on their revenues, with these levies taking effect above certain
electricity price thresholds. In September, the EU had specified a structural framework for
this purpose, stipulating that the measures be limited to generation technologies with low
variable costs and respectively high margins. These include e.g. run-of-river, lignite-fired
and nuclear power stations as well as wind and solar farms. Gas-fired power plants should
remain exempt. The EU recommended only taxing revenues above a price of €180/ MWh,
but also gave countries the option to set technology-specific price limits that deviate from
the benchmark. Off the back of Brussels’ cornerstones, many EU countries introduced
temporary levies on electricity producers’ revenues. The UK has since also enacted a similar
tax. In the following section, we discuss the individual power revenue levies in our key
markets Germany, the Netherlands and the UK.

32

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Germany enshrined the EU's guideline into law in late 2022, providing for a 90% redirection
of electricity revenue above a technology-specific price level. The levy has been in force
since 1 December 2022 and is due to expire on 30 June 2023 - although it may be
extended to 30 April 2024. The revenue cap results from the sum of two components: a
technology-specific benchmark cost and a premium. The latter amounts to €30 / MWh,
which rises for wind and solar power systems depending on the market price. The
benchmark costs can vary widely even for the same technology. For renewables, they are
derived from the price guaranteed under the support framework of the Renewable Energy
Act (EEG). Additionally, there is a floor of €100 / MWh for offshore wind farms. The
benchmark costs for renewables assets that do not receive support are also set at
€100/MWh. The figure for lignite-fired plants is €30 / MWh plus 1.236 times the price of
COz emission rights. For our three most modern lignite units, this figure increases by
€20/MWh to account for the fact that we are decommissioning them ahead of schedule
(see next page). The benchmark costs for nuclear energy assets are set at €40/ MWh
(December 2022) and €90/MWh (since 1 January 2023), respectively. The amount that is
redirected is calculated on a monthly basis using the average prices achieved. Hedges for
the levy period are taken into account. Gas-fired power plants and hard coal-fired power
stations remain exempt from these measures.

The Netherlands will also redirect 90 % of electricity revenue above a certain price threshold.
According to current plans, the price limit will be set at €130/ MWh. Due to high fuel costs,
biomass plants are expected to be subject to a higher limit of €240 / MWh. Unlike in
Germany, hard coal-fired power plants are also affected. The revenue cap for these assets
is based on the total variable costs of an efficient power station plus a premium of
€40/MWh. As in Germany, the levy will be applied on a monthly basis between 1 December
2022 to 30 June 2023 and take hedges into account. The legislative process had not yet
been completed when this report was published.


--- Page 13 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

The UK has also introduced a special levy on electricity producers’ revenue. Since 1 January
2023, revenue above £75/MWh is taxed at 45 % - regardless of the technology. Realised
prices are calculated based on an annual average that includes hedges. As in the EU,
gas-fired power plants are exempt from the levy. The same goes for renewables, which are
supported via contracts for difference.

Germany lays foundations for accelerated expansion of renewables. As soon as the
coalition between Germany's Social Democrats, Greens and Free Democrats assumed
office at the end of 2021, they made the accelerated expansion of renewable energy a top
priority. The government laid out its plans in the Easter Package on 6 April 2022, which
proceeded to be enshrined in law three months later by way of various legislative
amendments. The changes stipulated that electricity production from renewables should hit
80% of gross electricity consumption by 2030. The previous target had been set at 65%.
The total capacity of German offshore wind farms shall increase to 30 GW over the current
decade. A target of 70 GW is planned for 2045. The law also introduces new targets for
onshore wind and photovoltaic capacities, which shall increase to 115 GW and 215 GW
respectively by 2030. By the middle of the decade, the federal government wants to achieve
annual build-out rates for these two technologies of 10 GW and 22 GW, respectively. A new
legal principle that the construction and operation of renewables is a matter of significant
public interest which contributes to public security will help achieve this target. The
regulation sets a new precedence for weighing up other protected interests, ensuring that
existing investment barriers are removed, and planning and approval processes are
accelerated. Every state is obligated to dedicate an average of 2% of its land for onshore
wind. This target needs to be met by 2032. Nationwide, a total of 0.8% of land is currently
earmarked for wind energy.

The support framework for offshore wind has also been redesigned by introducing a
two-track system. In addition to sites that have been pre-investigated by the Federal
Maritime and Hydrographic Agency, wind power developers can now also bid for sites that
have not yet been investigated. The two tracks involve different auction criteria and
procedures. Pre-examined sites must satisfy qualitative criteria as well as financial bidding
considerations. For sites that have not yet been investigated, all of the auction participants
bid for support. If several zero-subsidy bids are submitted, in the next round the bidder with
the highest bid for the site is awarded the contract.

33

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The law reform also brings relief for consumers: financial support for renewables will no
longer be accounted for with a levy included in the price of electricity but will instead be
financed via the federal budget.

Coal exit in the Rhenish region brought forward to 2030. In early October, we reached an
agreement with the German government and the state of North Rhine-Westphalia to stop
generating electricity using lignite in the Rhenish region in 2030. That is eight years earlier
than originally planned. We will receive no additional payments for doing so. The amount of
compensation set forth in the Coal Phaseout Act of 2020 totalling €2.6 billion will therefore
remain unchanged. However, this figure still needs to be approved by the EU Commission.
The new exit plan for the Rhenish region was enshrined in law at the end of 2022. Compared
to the former agreement, approximately 280 million metric tons of coal will remain buried in
the ground and will not be used for power generation. In doing so, we are making an
important contribution to meeting both German and international climate protection
targets. At the 2015 Climate Change Conference in Paris, the global community committed
to limiting global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius compared to pre-industrial levels.
Our actions to date were already consistent with this target, as officially confirmed by the
independent Science Based Targets initiative in late 2020. By expediting our phaseout of
lignite-fired power generation, we are laying the foundations to operate in line with the

Paris Climate Conference's more ambitious target of limiting the temperature increase to
1.5 degrees Celsius. Bringing forward the phaseout mainly affects our three most modern
lignite-fired plants with a combined capacity of 3.1 GW, that were expected to remain
operational until 2038. They are now due to be decommissioned on 31 March 2030.
However, the German government can also request that the plants then be put on standby
and not decommissioned until late 2033.

In conjunction with the agreement to expedite the phaseout of lignite, the German government
and the state of North Rhine-Westphalia have also deferred the decommissioning of two
power plant units, Neurath D (607 MW) and Neurath E (604 MW), originally scheduled for

31 December 2022. This is intended to reduce the amount of gas used in power generation
during the energy crisis. The two units will remain online until 31. March 2024. The government
reserves the right to decide whether to again extend their lifetimes or to transfer the units to a
power plant reserve. Both measures would be limited to 31 March 2025.


--- Page 14 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

The decision to bring the lignite phaseout forward will have far-reaching consequences for
many RWE employees. Although we will need more staff in the short term to operate
additional lignite power stations during the present energy crisis, staff reductions will
accelerate towards the end of the decade. As is already the case, a range of compensatory
measures have been planned for those impacted, e.g. early retirement plans and a
statutory adjustment allowance. Younger employees will be offered additional training,
allowing them to take on new roles within or outside the company.

German government activates emergency gas plan. In March 2022, following the
invasion of Ukraine, one of the first measures taken by the German government was
activating the Emergency Plan for Gas, which is based on an EU regulation and has been
around since 2019. The plan has three phases: the first was invoked on 30 March 2022,
followed by the second on 23 June, which is still in force. Phase 1 (the Early Warning Level) is
activated when a significant drop in gas supply is possible, whereas phase 2 (Alert Level) is
triggered when gas supply is already disrupted. To enter the third phase (Emergency Level),
which has not yet been activated, there has to be a significant drop in gas deliveries, which
the market is not able to withstand. The German government would then be authorised, at
its discretion, to intervene and initiate gas rationing, if necessary.

New law establishes minimum fill levels for German gas storage facilities. At the end of
April 2022, the German Gas Storage Act entered into effect. It aims to ensure that
enough gas is available for the winter months. The law sets minimum fill levels for German
gas storage units: 65 % as of 1 August, 80 % as of 1 October, 90 % as of 1 November and
40% as of 1 February. In July, the Federal government issued a decree to raise the limits
for 1 October and 1 November to 85% and 95 % respectively. Gas storage operators are
responsible for monitoring compliance with these requirements. If the lessees do not fill
booked capacities sufficiently, they are at risk of losing them. The capacities would then be
handed over to the entity responsible for their market zone, which ensures the right fill
level. The law will expire in April 2025.

34

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Federal government passes LNG Acceleration Act. To diversify gas procurement and
drive independence of Russian natural gas, in May, Germany's lower house passed the
LNG Acceleration Act. By temporarily forgoing environmental impact assessments and
curtailing the public consultation process, the aim is to rapidly construct terminals for
receiving and regasifying LNG along with the necessary pipeline infrastructure. According
to the law, actions against LNG projects no longer have a suspensive effect and the
appeals process is limited to one instance. The operational permits for the terminals will
expire in 2043 at the latest. After that, the terminals are only to be used for climate-
neutral gases such as green ammonia.

Federal government puts coal and oil-fired plants back on the market to save gas.

In July, the Substitute Power Stations Act entered into force in Germany. It provides for
additional coal and oil-fired power stations to be called upon to cut down on gas-fired
power generation. The law expires at the end of March 2024. The gas replacement fleet
can be used on the wholesale market. It has a capacity of around 10 GW and includes
essential hard coal-fired power stations (2.6 GW) which were due to be closed in 2022
and 2023 in line with the Coal Phaseout Act, as well as stations in the existing grid reserve
which run on hard coal (4.3 GW) or oil (1.6 GW). The gas replacement fleet is rounded off
by lignite-fired power plants (1.9 GW), which are currently on legally mandated security
standby. These include three RWE units, Niederaussem E and F as well as Neurath C, with
a total capacity of 0.9 GW. These plants came back online in October. The necessary
regulation was only introduced at short notice. It stipulates that the lignite units should
stay online until 30 June 2023. If they are needed beyond that date, the government can
extend their lifetimes. The new law also allows the government to introduce measures to
limit or cease gas-fired power generation in the event of emergencies, although this does
not apply to combined heat and power (CHP) plants. These interventions should last no
longer than six months.


--- Page 15 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Germany extends lifetime of nuclear plants by three and a half months. To ensure
security of supply in the winter of 2022/2023, the government also extended the
operational lifetimes of Germany's three remaining active nuclear power stations. According
to the 19th amendment to the Atomic Energy Act, which was approved by the upper and
lower houses in November, plants may produce power until mid-April 2023. Originally, they
were due to be shut down at the end of 2022. The units Neckarwestheim 2 and Isar 2 as
well as RWE’s Emsland power station are affected. However, they do not need to be
equipped with new fuel rods. We expect our Emsland power plant to generate around 2 TWh
of electricity during this extension period.

The Netherlands suspends output limits for coal power stations. On 20 June 2022, the
Dutch government repealed a law limiting the use of hard coal for power generation. The
decision has yet to be formally approved by parliament. According to the law, annual
coal-fired CO2 emissions in the period between 2022 and 2024 were not to exceed 35% of
the individual power plant's theoretical coal-fired capacity. The operators were due to be
compensated accordingly. By repealing the law, the Dutch government is looking to rely on
more coal-fired power generation to cut down on natural gas usage. Negotiations
concerning the extent of compensation due to the operators for limiting power plant
capacity in the first half of 2022 are ongoing.

US government creates long-term support framework for green technologies. After
protracted factional negotiations, the Democratic Party in the USA passed their social
spending and climate package. After both the Senate and the House of Representatives
had approved the package, President Joe Biden signed the bill into law in mid August. The
Inflation Reduction Act extends the support scheme for renewables by another ten years,
and accordingly new plants will receive production tax credits or investment tax credits.
Moving forward, hydrogen and battery projects will join wind power and solar systems in
being eligible for support. An additional tax benefit is applied if a certain portion of the
required raw materials and plant components are sourced nationally - a move that should
strengthen the US economy.

35

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

New customs requirements for importing solar modules to the USA. In June 2022, the
United States introduced new sanctions on products from the Chinese region of Xinjiang.
This is due to the suspicion that members of the Uyghur ethnic group are being used as
forced labour to manufacture products and mine raw materials in Xinjiang. Imports are
therefore subject to extensive checks upon arrival in the USA. Importers must provide
documentation to prove their goods are not from Xinjiang. The region is a leading provider
of minerals for solar cells. The photovoltaic industry has therefore been particularly affected
by the documentation requirements. Due to the time-consuming reviews of solar module
deliveries, there have been considerable project delays including for RWE. In 2021 there
were similar delays when the USA sanctioned individual Chinese companies.

No US tariffs on southeast Asian solar panels for the time being. After a protracted
investigation, the US Department of Commerce announced in December that numerous
solar module manufacturers are dodging tariffs on panels made in China. According to the
authorities, the companies had components which were largely produced in China
assembled in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand or Vietnam with the aim of then exporting them
from there to the USA. In future, manufacturers will need to prove that their products do not
contain certain Chinese components in order to avoid tariffs. The findings of the
investigation are irrelevant to solar panels that have already been delivered. US President
Joe Biden had taken an executive action to prevent duties from being imposed on solar
modules from the aforementioned southeast Asian countries until mid-2024. The aim of
this action was to reassure the market. The probe conducted by the US Department of
Commerce had caused major uncertainty in the US solar industry and triggered a sudden
halt to imports of southeast Asian modules. As a result, there were additional delays for
RWE projects.


--- Page 16 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Market environment

War in Ukraine dampens economic recovery in RWE’s core markets. According to current
data, global economic output was up by around 3% in 2022 versus the previous year. In
Germany, growth was reported to be around 2%, whereas in the UK and in the Netherlands
it was about 4%. The start of the year saw the effects of the pandemic subside as pent-up
demand propelled the economy. Due to the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, however, the
economy soon slipped back into crisis mode. More than anything else, the limited supply of
commodities and the associated extreme price hikes dampened recovery. Inflationary
trends and supply chain bottlenecks that were already evident in 20211 intensified. In the
USA, recovery also slowed, with GDP rising around 2% in the past year.

German power consumption significantly lower than the previous year. Surveys carried
out by the German Association of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) indicate that
German electricity consumption last year was down 3% on 2021. The main reason for this
was the range of energy saving measures taken in response to soaring electricity prices. The
mild weather also played a part. For these same reasons, consumption also declined in the

IK (- 5%) and the Netherlands (- 4%). In the USA however, power consumption rose by as
much as 3%.

Wind conditions better than in 2021. Utilisation and profitability of renewables assets are
largely weather-dependent. This is why wind speeds are extremely important. In the year
under review, our production sites in Europe reported lower velocities than the long-term
average, while those in North America measured similar if not higher speeds. In comparison
to 2021, wind conditions have improved at the majority of our locations. The utilisation of
run-of-river power stations depends on precipitation and melt water volumes. In Germany,
where most of the RWE Group's hydropower plants are located, these volumes were below
the long-term average and also fell short of the previous year's figure.

36

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

Average RWE wind farm utilisation Onshore Offshore

% 2022 2021 2022 2021
Germany ig) 17 37 35
United Kingdom 27 27 SE) 35
Netherlands 28 30 = -
Poland 28 27 = -
Spain 22 24 2 -
Italy 22 24 - -
Sweden 30 29 45 47
USA 5S 32 = -

Prices for natural gas, hard coal and emission allowances hit unprecedented levels.
The utilisation and earnings of our conventional power plants are heavily dependent on
how electricity prices and the price of the fuel needed for electricity production (gas, coal
etc.) and emission allowances perform. Natural gas became significantly more expensive
from mid-2021 onwards. Spot prices at the Dutch Title Transfer Facility (TTF) - the main
trading hub in Continental Europe - averaged €124 / MWh in 2022, which clearly surpassed
the previous year's price (€47 / MWh). This is largely attributable to the general halt in gas
imports via pipelines from Russia to Central Europe due to the war in Ukraine, with the
affected countries being forced to procure significantly more expensive LNG elsewhere.
There was also a massive price hike on the gas futures markets due to the general
uncertainty regarding the future supply situation in Europe. TTF forward contracts for 2023
averaged €114/MWh last year. In comparison, in 2021, the 2022 TTF forward traded at
€33/MWh.


--- Page 17 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business environment

Prices for hard coal used in power plants (steam coal) also rose notably in the year under
review. Deliveries to the ARA ports (ARA = Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Antwerp) including freight
and insurance were settled for an average of US$290/metric ton in 2022, compared to
US$122/metric ton the previous year. As with gas trading, post-pandemic economic
recovery and the war in Ukraine were the main price drivers. The embargo on Russian coal
imports fuelled European demand for supplies from overseas even further. In some EU
countries, such as Germany, prices were also pushed higher due to the fact that more coal
was used to generate electricity in response to the high gas prices and the reduced
availability of French nuclear power plants. Energy markets are pricing in continued strain
for the foreseeable future, with forward trading prices for hard coal also increasing
substantially. In the year under review, the 2023 forward (API 2 Index) was quoted at an
average of US$222/metric ton. This is US$127 more than was paid for the 2022 forward
in 2021.

An increasingly important price factor for fossil fuel-fired power plants is the procurement of
Oz emission allowances. A European Union Allowance (EVA), entitling the holder to emit
one metric ton of carbon dioxide, was traded at an average of €84 in 2022 - compared to
€54 the year prior. This figure is based on contracts for delivery that mature in December of
the following year. The rising prices can largely be traced back to the EU's decision to raise
its emissions target for 2030, leading to a further reduction in the number of available
emission allowances. As explained on page 31, the necessary reform to the Emissions
Trading System was approved in late 2022 and will become effective in early 2024. Many
market participants anticipated this and began stockpiling EUAs some time ago.
Furthermore, the increased use of coal-fired power plants led to more emissions and a
correspondingly higher demand for CO> certificates.

After leaving the EU, the United Kingdom introduced its own CO3 emissions trading system.
UK Allowances (UKAs) have been traded on the secondary market since the first auction in
May 2021. In 2022 prices averaged £83. The benchmark figure for the previous year was
£57.

37

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Surge in fuel and emission allowance prices impacts cost of electricity. Due to soaring
fuel prices, quotations on European wholesale electricity markets reached record highs.
Base-load electricity was traded at €237 / MWh on average in 2022 on the German spot
market. The benchmark figure for the year prior was €97 / MWh. In the UK and the
Netherlands, spot prices rose from £118 to £206 / MWh and from €103 to €243 / MWh,
respectively. Electricity forward trading painted the following picture: the German 2023
base-load forward cost €298 / MWh on average. By way of comparison, companies paid
€89 /MWh for the 2022 forward the year prior. One-year forward prices surged from £92
to £265/MWh in the UK and from €89 to €263 / MWh in the Netherlands.

The North American electricity market is subdivided into different regions, which are
managed by independent transmission system operators. Our most important market
region is currently Texas, where most of our wind farms in the USA are located and where the
power grid is operated by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). Here, the average
electricity spot price averaged US$66 / MWh, compared to US$179 /MWh the year before.
However, the figure for 2021 was skewed due to Winter Storm Uri, which triggered extreme
price spikes for a week in February. Disregarding this one week, the 2021 average price was
US$34/ MWh. The ERCOT futures market developed as follows: the one-year-forward
became more expensive, rising from US$37 / MWh to US$57 / MWh. The higher gas prices
in the USA were largely attributable to the increase in LNG exports to Europe.

Improved margins on electricity sales. In order to mitigate risks associated with earnings,
we sell most of our power generation forward and hedge the prices for the necessary fuel
and emission allowances using forward transactions with a lead time of up to four years.
The margins realised in 2022 were thus greatly defined by the conditions of the forward
contracts, which were concluded in previous years. We achieved better margins with these
advance sales for most of our power stations than we did in 2021. At times, margins
realised for short-notice spot trading were significantly up on the previous year's level. In
addition, volatility on the energy markets allowed us to achieve significantly higher earnings
from the short-term optimisation of our power plant dispatch.


--- Page 18 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Major events,

2.4 Major events

The energy industry has been affected by the impacts of the war in Ukraine since early
2022. Despite the challenging environment, we have managed to hit a number of
milestones in our growth strategy. The acquisition of Con Edison Clean Energy
Businesses, in particular, signified a huge step forward, making us one of the leading
solar power producers in the United States. We also secured our first maritime sites for
offshore wind farms there in two auctions. We also had important breakthroughs in
Europe. Triton Knoll and Kaskasi, two large-scale offshore wind farms, went online and
we reinforced our flexible generation portfolio with the acquisition of Dutch gas-fired
power plant, Magnum. In this chapter, we present the main events that took place in
2022 and the beginning of 2023, focusing on those which are not outlined elsewhere
in the review of operations.

Significant financial pressure from halt of coal imports from Russia. Russia's invasion of
Ukraine was one of the defining moments of last year. Although RWE does not have any
business activities in Russia or Ukraine, our company is among those directly affected by the
economic impact of the conflict. When the war broke out at the end of February 2022, we
had contracts for deliveries of Russian hard coal totalling 12 million metric tons through to
2025. The agreed prices were far below the market average observed since 2021.
Sanctions introduced by the UK and the EU caused imports to grind to a halt. We had to
compensate for lost volumes by making purchases from third parties at much less
favourable conditions to meet existing supply obligations. This resulted in a financial loss of
€748 million for RWE.

38

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

When the war broke out, our contractual gas procurement volumes from Russian producers
totalled 15 TWh through to the end of 2023. Here too, we limited our financial risk exposure
by procuring alternative gas supplies to cover the entirety of the contracted volumes. It is
not yet possible to quantify the extent of the shortfall in deliveries.

RWE purchases Con Edison's renewable energy business. With the acquisition of Con
Edison Clean Energy Businesses, we are accelerating our growth in renewables. The
transaction was agreed in October 2022 and became effective on 1 March 2023, once all
regulatory approvals had been received. The acquired company had been part of US group
Con Edison and is a leading operator and developer of renewable energy plants in the
United States. The company boasts 3.1 GW of power generation capacity, around 90 % of
which is from solar systems. The portfolio is complemented by a development pipeline of
more than 7 GW. With the addition of the Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses portfolio,
RWE has now become the fourth-largest renewables player in the USA and the second-
largest in the field of photovoltaics. The purchase price was based on a valuation of
US$6.8 billion.

We will partially finance the acquisition with equity: on 10 October, we issued a mandatory
convertible bond with a nominal value of €2,428 million to Qatar Holding LLC, a subsidiary
of the Qatar Investment Authority. The 67.6 million new RWE shares resulting from the
conversion of the bond in March 2023 represent 9.1% of the increased capital stock.


--- Page 19 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Major events,

RWE wins rights to lease sites for two offshore wind farms in the USA. In the past
financial year, we laid the foundation for our first offshore wind power projects in the USA
by successfully participating in two offshore lease auctions. The first auction took place in
February, when RWE secured an area in the New York Bight for US$1.1 billion together with
National Grid Ventures. The site is suitable for around 3 GW of generation capacity. Our
successful bid gave us the right to develop the site and participate in upcoming offtake
auctions. Ifthe project progresses as planned, we will be commissioning a wind farm by the
end of this decade.

At the second auction, which took place in December, we purchased the right to use a

site off the coast of northern California for US$158 million. The area is located near
Humboldt Bay and could one day be home to as much as 1.6 GW of offshore capacity. The
water here is 700 metres deep, meaning the turbines will need to be erected on floating
foundations. As explained on page 27 et seq., RWE has been involved in various
demonstration projects dedicated to this new technology. The insights we have gained will
now help us choose the best foundation structure. The floating wind farm off the coast of
California could go online in the mid 2030s, provided the necessary approvals are granted
within the required timeframe.

Success at Dutch offshore wind auction. We also proved successful in a tender process for
an offshore wind site in the Netherlands. In November 2022, we won the contract for the
Hollandse Kust West VII site, where we plan to build a wind farm with a capacity in excess of
760 MW. All turbines are expected to be online by early 2028. We will not receive state
support for the undertaking. The project has been designed to allow the wind farm to be
combined with e-boilers, battery storage systems and/or electrolysers for producing
hydrogen. This will allow us to tailor power generation to demand, and thus contribute to
grid stability.

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Wind energy joint venture launched with Northland Power. In January 2022, RWE and
Northland Power agreed to deliver three wind power projects together to the north of the
island of Juist in Germany, creating more than 1.3 GW of generation capacity. A joint
venture, in which RWE holds a 51% stake and our Canadian partner owns a 49 % share, will
be responsible for carrying out the project. In August, the companies agreed to collaborate
on the delivery of another wind farm, which will also be built north of Juist and have a
capacity of 225 MW. RWE was previously developing this project independently. Northland
Power now holds a 49% share. Two of the four joint venture projects have already been
successful at auctions. The auctions for the remaining two initiatives will take place in 2023.

Large-scale wind farms completed in Europe and the USA. Last year, we successfully
completed a series of wind power projects, thereby increasing our pro-rata capacity from
this technology from 9.4 GW to 11.2 GW. We commissioned the following wind farms:

+ In March 2022, El Algodon Alto in Texas entered commercial operation. Altogether, the
wind farm's 91 turbines have a capacity of 200 MW. We invested approximately
€280 million in the wind farm.

+ One month later, we completed our Triton Knoll offshore wind farm. It is located off the
eastern coast of England and has 90 turbines with a total capacity of 857 MW, making it
one of the largest wind farms in the world. RWE holds a majority stake of 59% in Triton
Knoll and is also responsible for its operation. The other shares are held by the Japanese
energy utilities J-Power (25 %) and Kansai Electric Power (16%). The investment volume
amounted to £2.4 billion. This figure includes expenses for the grid connection, which we
will sell to an independent third party to comply with regulatory requirements.

In June, the Swedish onshore wind farm Nysater was inaugurated. The 114 turbines

boast a combined capacity of 474 MW. Swiss infrastructure investment firm Energy
Infrastructure Partners is the majority shareholder with a stake of 80% and RWE holds a
20% stake. In total, €575 million was invested in the wind farm.


--- Page 20 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Major events,

In November, the Blackjack Creek onshore wind farm in Texas was completed. It is wholly
owned by RWE. In alll, its SO turbines have a capacity of 240 MW. The investment volume
amounted to €225 million.

By December, all 38 turbines of our Kaskasi wind farm in the German North Sea had been
put online. Together, they have a combined capacity of 342 MW. Kaskasi is located

35 kilometres to the north of Heligoland. We are the sole owners of the wind farm and
have invested approximately €780 million in the project. As explained on page 27,

three turbines were fitted with recyclable rotor blades from Siemens Gamesa, which
feature a new resin that allows the different materials to be separated after use. This is
the first time that these environmentally friendly rotor blades are being used in Germany.

Hickory Park in the USA starts producing solar power. In the last fiscal year, we upped our
solar capacities by 318 MW to 804 MW. At 196 MW, our new photovoltaic ground-mounted
system, Hickory Park, in Mitchell County in the state of Georgia made a significant
contribution in this regard. Its approximately 650,000 modules have been operating
commercially since June 2022. The facility is enhanced with a 40 MW 2-hour battery
storage system. This enables optimal timing of feed-ins to the local grid, which increases the
solar farm's yield. We have spent around €250 million on Hickory Park and have concluded
a 30-year power purchase agreement with energy provider Georgia Power.

RWE acquires solar developers in Poland and the UK. By acquiring two major solar
developers, we laid the cornerstone for rapid expansion of photovoltaics in both Poland and
the United Kingdom. First, we acquired Poland-based Alpha Solar, adding an approximately
3 GWsolar project pipeline to our portfolio. The price totalled an equivalent of €123 million.
The projects are located throughout Poland and are in various stages of development. In
addition, we can welcome a team of around 60 that will help drive our ambitious expansion
plans in Poland.

40

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

This was followed in early March 2023 by the acquisition of JBM Solar, a UK developer of
solar and battery storage projects. The company owns a mature 6.1 GW development
pipeline, with solar and battery storage accounting for 3.8 GW and 2.3 GW, respectively. The
transaction puts us among the top three PV developers in the United Kingdom. We also
gained a 30-strong team of experts. Most of JBM Solar's projects are being implemented in
central and southern England. The first assets from the pipeline are scheduled to be
commissioned by the end of 2024. We expect to build an average of some 450 MW per

year thereafter.

Large-scale battery storage systems completed in Werne and Lingen. After only 14 months
of construction, we were able to commission two megabattery storage facilities at our
power plant sites in Werne and Lingen. The assets are being used to secure security of
supply and have capacities of 72 MW (Werne) and 45 MW (Lingen), and storage volumes of
79 MWh and 49 MWh, respectively. We have invested around €50 million in the project.

Green light for the construction of megabatteries in Hamm and Neurath. In November
2022, we decided that our power plant sites in Hamm and Neurath should also host two
large-scale battery storage facilities. The batteries will have a capacity of 140 MW (Hamm)
and 80 MW (Neurath), and storage volumes of 151 MWh and 84 MWh, respectively. We are
looking to start construction in 2023 and begin commercial operation in 2024. We have
earmarked €140 million for the project.

RWE acquires Dutch gas-fired power station, Magnum. In June 2022, we agreed to
acquire the Magnum gas-fired power plant in the Netherlands from Vattenfall. The
transaction became effective on 31 January 2023 following the EU Commission's approval
under competition law. Magnum is one of the most state-of-the-art power stations in the
Netherlands. The facility has been in operation since 2013, and has a net capacity of

1.4 GW. The preliminary purchase price is €443 million. The transaction also includes a
neighbouring 5.6 MW solar farm. Magnum is located a stone's throw away from our
Eemshaven power station, which is fired using hard coal and biomass. We expect to leverage
considerable synergies from the joint use of local infrastructure. Our new gas-fired power
station can be operated with 30% hydrogen following basic technical conversions. There is
also the option to transition to 100 percent hydrogen use in the long term. This will allow


--- Page 21 ---

1
To our investors

2

Combined review
of operations
Major events,

3
Responsibility statement

Magnum to be part of the future hydrogen infrastructure which we are looking to build
together with partners from the energy and manufacturing sectors in the province of
Groningen.

RWE proves successful at British capacity market auction. At two British capacity market
auctions held in February 2022 and 2023, all participating RWE power stations secured a
capacity payment. The first call for bids related to the period from 1 October 2025 to

30 September 2026. RWE plants with a secured capacity of 6,647 MW submitted
qualifying bids - these assets are almost exclusively gas-fired and include two small
new-build projects. The capacity payment was set at £30.59 / kW (plus inflation adjustment)
and will be paid for the plants being online and contributing to the electricity supply during
the above period. The second auction pertained to the period from 1 October 2026 to

30 September 2027. This time, RWE assets with a secured capacity of 6,638 MW were
successful. We will receive a payment of £63 /kW (plus inflation adjustment) for their
availability.

Gersteinwerk wins tender for German capacity reserve. Our F and G combined cycle gas
units at the Gersteinwerk site in Werne (Westphalia) qualified for inclusion in the German
capacity reserve once again. This resulted from a tender process held by the Federal
Network Agency in February 2022. The stations will keep a total capacity of 710 MW in
reserve in the period from 1 October 2022 to 30 September 2024, which can be used to
safeguard grid stability whenever necessary. In return, we will receive an annual payment of
€62.94/kW. The two units had also been successful at the previous capacity auction. Given
that they are standby stations, they stopped participating in the wholesale electricity market
on 1 October 2020 and have since only been ramped up when ordered to do so by the
transmission system operator.

41

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

KfW, Gasunie and RWE to build LNG terminal in Brunsbiittel. In March 2022, RWE
signed a memorandum of understanding with the German state-owned development bank
KfW and the Dutch gas network operator Gasunie to build a terminal for importing liquefied
natural gas (LNG) to Germany. The facility will be built to the north-west of Hamburg in
Brunsbittel and process gas imports of up to 10 billion cubic metres (after regasification)
annually as of 2026. We have already contractually secured usage rights for part of the
capacities. We are planning to build another terminal at the same location to import
climate-neutral ammonia.

On behalf of the government RWE charters two floating LNG terminals. Acting as an
agent of the German government, in spring 2022 we chartered two special ships equipped
to regasify LNG. These Floating Storage and Regasification Units (FSRUs) will provide a
quick interim solution for landing LNG in Germany. The first ship arrived in Wilhelmshaven in
December 2022 and the second arrived in Brunsbittel in January 2023. The two FSRUs
can deliver more than 10 billion cubic metres of natural gas annually. Uniper (Wilhelmshaven)
and RWE (Brunsbiittel) are providing the onshore infrastructure. Together with EnBW, the
two companies are also organising the LNG deliveries for the FSRUs. In February 2023,

the first LNG delivery, supplied by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC), arrived in
Brunsbittel. In September 2022, we signed a memorandum of understanding with ADNOC
for the company to export LNG to Germany over several years.

RWE secures LNG imports from the USA. To further expand our LNG procurement
portfolio, in December, we signed a 15-year supply contract with US energy company
Sempra Infrastructure for the delivery of 2.25 million metric tons of LNG (approx. 3 billion
cubic metres) annually. The liquefied gas will be shipped from Port Arthur in Texas, where the
requisite LNG terminal is still being planned. All the necessary approvals have now been
received, meaning the facility should be operational by 2027. We will be free to market the
liquefied gas, thereby aiding the diversification of European gas supply sources. The
contractually secured liquid gas volumes will be sufficient to harness the full potential of our
reserved regasification capacities at the planned LNG terminal in Brunsbittel.


--- Page 22 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Major events,

RWE and Equinor agree strategic partnership. In January 2023, RWE and Equinor
entered into a strategic partnership to drive the ramp-up of the hydrogen economy and the
expansion of renewables. The two companies are working towards harnessing Norwegian
hydrogen to decarbonise the German energy industry within the context of a number of
major projects. The plan is for Equinor to create up to 2 GW of capacity for producing ‘blue’
hydrogen in its domestic market of Norway by 2030. Blue hydrogen is produced using
methane, and the resulting carbon dioxide is stored underground. The hydrogen would be
transported via a North Sea pipeline to Germany, where it could be used to produce power.
Over the current decade, RWE and Equinor are therefore looking to build hydrogen-capable
gas-fired power stations totalling 3 GW. In addition, the partners are considering building
offshore wind farms and electrolysers near the North Sea pipeline, so green hydrogen, which
is expected to slowly replace blue hydrogen, can be fed into the grid. The partnership with
Equinor also includes wind power projects in Norway and Germany that are exclusively
focused on power generation. One basic requirement for the realisation of these major
projects is the completion of the hydrogen pipeline between Norway and Germany. In
addition, Germany's hydrogen infrastructure will have to be sufficiently developed.

42

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

End of the line for Neurath A lignite-fired unit and briquetting in Frechen. On 1 April
2022, Unit A of the Neurath lignite-fired power station stopped generating electricity. With a
net capacity of 294 MW, the facility began operating in 1972. It was decommissioned in
accordance with Germany's statutory coal phaseout timeline, which also spelled the end of
the road for our Frechen lignite briquette production facility at the end of 2022. The
employees affected by the closures have since either retired or taken on other roles at RWE.


--- Page 23 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Commentary on reporting

2.5 Commentary on reporting

In our financial reporting, the RWE Group is broken down into five segments, which we
present in detail in this chapter. Renewable energy, gas-fired power plants, energy
storage, our hydrogen business and energy trading are distributed among the first four
segments. These activities play a key role in the energy transition and therefore make
up our core business. The fifth segment covers power generation from coal and nuclear

energy, which will increasingly lose importance due to legally mandated phaseout

roadmaps.

Group structure with five segments. This report is based on a Group structure comprising
five segments, the first four of which represent our core business. The responsibility for the
economic development of each segment lies with the individual RWE AG subsidiaries. This
past year, we restructured our renewables activities. RWE Renewables will no longer be
solely responsible for these operations. Instead, they have been distributed across three
organisational units (see below). This change will not affect our reporting structure. The
segments continue to be divided as follows:

1.0ffshore Wind: We present our business relating to offshore wind here. It is now overseen
by RWE Offshore Wind.

2.Onshore Wind / Solar: This is the segment in which we pool our onshore wind and solar
business as well as parts of our battery storage activities. Depending on the continent, it
is managed by RWE Renewables (Europe / Australia) or RWE Renewables Americas, the
latter having been renamed RWE Clean Energy following the acquisition of Con Edison
Clean Energy Businesses on 1 March 2023.

43

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

3.Hydro / Biomass / Gas: Generation from our run-of-river, pumped storage, biomass
and gas power stations is pooled here. The segment also includes the Dutch Amer 9
and Eemshaven power plants, which run on biomass and hard coal, as well as individual
battery storage systems. The project management and engineering consulting company
RWE Technology International and our 37.9 % stake in Austrian energy utility KELAG are
also allocated to this segment. The activities are overseen by RWE Generation, which is
also responsible for designing and implementing our hydrogen strategy.

4.Supply & Trading: Proprietary trading of energy commodities is at the core of this
segment. It is overseen by RWE Supply & Trading. The company also acts as an
intermediary for pipeline and liquefied natural gas, supplies key accounts with energy,
and undertakes a number of additional trading-related activities. Our German and Czech
gas storage facilities also form part of this segment along with our LNG infrastructure
development activities.

5.Coal / Nuclear: This is where we report on the activities which are not part of our core
business. First and foremost, these consist of our German electricity generation from
lignite and nuclear fuel as well as our lignite production in the Rhenish mining region to
the west of Cologne. This segment also covers our investments in Dutch nuclear power
plant operator EPZ (30%) and Germany-based URANIT (50%), which holds a 33% stake
in uranium enrichment specialist Urenco. Most of the aforementioned activities and
investments are overseen by RWE Power.

Group companies with cross-segment tasks, such as the Group holding company RWE AG,
are stated as part of the core business under the ‘other, consolidation line item. This also
applies to our stakes of 25.1% in German transmission system operator Amprion and 15%
in E.ON. However, we recognise dividends from E.ON in the financial result. The ‘other,
consolidation’ line item also contains accounting effects of the consolidation of Group
activities.


--- Page 24 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Commentary on reporting

Transition to ‘adjusted financial result’. As of fiscal 2022, we have adjusted the
methodology for the presentation of the financial result. In the past, this indicator only
contained unadjusted components. It was therefore affected by special items, which
hindered the assessment of business developments. Examples include effects from the
adjustment of discount rates used to determine nuclear or mining provisions, and
temporary gains and losses from the valuation of currency derivatives used for hedging
purposes. These special matters are now no longer assigned to the financial result, but are
reported as part of the non-operating result, corresponding to the methodology applied to
(adjusted) EBIT. We will use the term ‘adjusted financial result’ to express this in the future. In
the table presenting the non-operating result, we now include the item ‘Adjustments to the
financial result: To allow for comparison with prior-year figures, we present these using the
new methodology.

44

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Forward-looking statements. This report contains forward-looking statements regarding
the future development of the RWE Group and its companies as well as economic and
political developments. These statements are assessments that we have made based on
information available to us at the time this document was prepared. Despite this, actual
developments can deviate from the prognoses, for instance if underlying assumptions do
not materialise or unforeseen risks arise. Therefore, we cannot assume responsibility for the
correctness of forward-looking statements.

References. The contents of web pages and publications to which we refer in this chapter
are not part of the combined review of operations and merely provide additional
information.


--- Page 25 ---

1 2
To our investors

Combined review
of operations

3 4
Responsibility statement
statements

Business performance

2.6 Business performance

Our business performed so well in 2022 that we comfortably beat the earnings forecast
published at the beginning of the year. We achieved EBITDA of €6.3 billion. The
projected figure was between €3.6 billion and €4.0 billion. We also posted a significant
gain over the previous year. This growth was predominantly due to improved

time in 2022.

Business performance in 2022: what we forecast and what we accomplished

€ million

°

6,310

5,559

3,650 |

RWE Group Core business

Consolidated financial

5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Further information

conditions on the power generation market and a very strong trading performance.
Furthermore, we benefited from the expansion of renewables, as a large number of
new wind and solar farms contributed to the Group's operating earnings for the first

@ Forecast surpassed
@ Forecast met
M 2021actual
MY Forecast for 2022?
HM 2022 actual

4,568
3,232
2-569 2,185
BZ 2
1,412 (+) ZZ 1,554
1,161 °
1110 __
z 827 731 769 889 751
| [ | al i |
a | i | i | «
Offshore Wind  OnshoreWind/  Hydro/Biomass/Gas Supply & Trading Coal/Nuclear RWE Group RWE Group
Solar
. Adjusted Adjusted
Adjusted EBITDA ' EBIT net income

1 See pages 67 et seq, of the 2021 Annual Report. The hatched portion reflects the forecast range.

2 Adjusted figure (see commentary on page 44).

45


--- Page 26 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Power generation* Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
batteries
GWh 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Offshore Wind 10,203 7,564 = - = - = - = - = - 10,203. 7,564
Onshore Wind / Solar 19,011 16,503 - - - - - - - - - - 19,011 16,503
Hydro/Biomass/Gas 6,269 7,879 52 41 51,507 52,257 - - 7,241 6,952 = - 65,264 67,301
of which:
Germany 1,450 1,645 52 41 5,708 5,988 = - = - = - 7,405 7,846
United Kingdom Bil) 473 = - 38,464 35,263 = - = - = - 38,983 35,736
Netherlands 4,300 5,725 = - 4,821 6,647 = - 7,241 6,952 = - 16,362 19,324
Turkiye = - = - 2,514 4,359 = - = - = - 2,514 4,359
Coal/ Nuclear 16 18 - - 186 147 50,019 45,916 - 188 11,883 22,704 62,316 69,179
RWE Group 35,499 31,964 52 41 51,693 52,404 50,019 45,916 7,241 7,140 11,883 22,704 156,794 160,547

1 Some prior-year figures restated

2 Including production volumes not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e. g. electricity from waste-to-energy plants).

Electricity production slightly lower year on year - strong gains from renewables. Last
year, RWE generated 156,794 GWh of electricity, 2% less than in 2021. The decline was
largely because Gundremmingen Unit C was taken offline with effect from 31 December
2021 as part of Germany's nuclear phaseout. This essentially halved the share of nuclear
energy in power generation. Utilisation of our gas-fired power stations in the UK was

above the prior-year level despite high fuel costs. Conversely, in both Germany and the
Netherlands it was lower, in part as a result of gas shortages due to the war in Ukraine. An
outage at Dutch unit Claus C from 3 January to 19 April due to steam turbine damage also
came to bear. In addition, our gas-fired plant in Denizli, Turkiye was utilised less than in
2021, inter alia due to shortages in gas deliveries from network operator BOTAS.

46

Asubstantial gain was posted by renewables. The commissioning of new generation
capacity and slightly improved wind conditions made a major contribution. Our German
lignite-fired power plants also generated more electricity than in the previous year as they
were utilised more due to the gas supply crisis. In addition, we put the Niederaussem E/F
and Neurath C units back online in October 2022 in compliance with the German Substitute
Power Station Act (see page 34). However, we also suffered volume shortfalls caused by
power station closures: in line with the German lignite phaseout roadmap, Neurath B

(294 MW), Niederaussem C (295 MW) and Weisweiler E (321 MW) were decommissioned at
the end of December 2021. Neurath A (294 MW) followed suit as of 1 April 2022.


--- Page 27 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements
Business performance
Power generation from renewables? Offshore Wind Onshore Wind Solar Hydro Biomass Total
GWh 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Germany 2,202 1,811 1,081 939 8 3 1,450 1,645 = - 4,741 4,398
United Kingdom 7,813 5,557 1,866 1,719 = - 158 169 360 304 10,197 7,749
Netherlands = - 892 727 26 17 15 27 4,285 5,697 5,218 6,468
Poland = - ISS 1,039 2 1 = - = - WLS) 1,040
Spain = - 880 934 81 96 6 29 = - 967 1,059
Italy = - 973 1,008 = - = - = - 973 1,008
Sweden 188 196 305 293 = - = - = - 493, 489
USA = - 10,330 8,961 742 354 = - = - 11,072 9,315
Australia = - = - 468 245 = - = - 468 245
Rest of the world = - 137 41 78 81 = 71 = - 215 193
RWE Group 10,203 7,564 17,617 15,661 1,405 797 1,629 1,941 4,645 6,001 35,499 31,964

1 Some prior-year figures restated

Electricity production from renewables rose by 11% to 35,499 GWh. Wind power
generation was up 20% on the previous year's level, driven above all by the progressive
capacity expansion and more favourable weather conditions. Moreover, we increased our
stake in the Rampion offshore wind farm (400 MW) in the UK from 30.1% to 50.1% with
effect from 1 April 2021 and began to consolidate the shareholding fully as of that date.
Solar power volumes also posted a strong rise. This growth was largely driven by the
commissioning of new assets. By contrast, we produced 23 % less electricity from biomass,
in part owing to difficulties in commodity sourcing. Generation volumes from our run-of-
river power stations declined by 16 % due to dry weather, which resulted in lower river water
levels.

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure electricity from suppliers outside of the
Group. In 2022, these purchases amounted to 43,168 GWh (previous year: 48,151 GWh).

Higher installed capacity thanks to new wind and solar farms. As of 31 December 2022,
we had an installed power generation capacity of 39.3 GW. This figure does not consider
Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses, as the acquisition of this company only closed on

1 March 2023. Our generation capacity rose by 2.3 GW compared to 2021. The basis for
this was the successful implementation of our growth strategy in the renewable energy
business. Last year, we completed the Triton Knoll (857 MW) and Kaskasi (342 MW) North
Sea wind farms, the El Algodon Alto (200 MW) and Blackjack Creek (240 MW) onshore wind
farms in Texas as well as the Hickory Park ground-mounted PV array (196 MW) in the

US state of Georgia (see pages 39 et seq.). However, some capacity was also taken offline:
we decommissioned Unit A (294 MW) of the Neurath lignite-fired power station as part of
the German coal phaseout.

47


--- Page 28 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

In terms of generation capacity, gas is our No. 1 energy source, commanding a 36 % share

by the end of 2022. Renewables take second spot, with a share of 33%. Our biggest source
of renewable energy is wind (11.0 GW), followed by solar and biomass (0.8 GW each), along
with hydro (0.5 GW).

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The geographic focus of our generation business is Germany, where 41% of our installed
capacity was located at the end of 2022. The United Kingdom and the Netherlands follow,
accounting for shares of 27 % and 13%, respectively. Fourth spot is taken by the USA, with
11%. This share has since increased considerably as a result of the acquisition of

Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses.

Installed capacity? Renewables Pumped storage, Gas Lignite Hard coal Nuclear Total?
batteries
As of 31 December, MW 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Offshore Wind 3517 2,318 = - = - = - = - = - 3517 2,318
Onshore Wind /Solar 8.247 7,082 128 28 = - = - = - = - 8375 7,110
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 1263 = 1,285 296 168 13,869 13,901 = - 1469 1469 = - 17,200 17,115
of which:
Germany 377 393 296 168 3,830 3,807 = - = - = - 4553 4,407
United Kingdom 133 139 = - 6929 6,984 = - = - = - 7315 7,376
Netherlands / Belgium 753 753 = - 2,323 2,323 = - 1469 1,469 = - 4545 4,545
Turkiye = - = - 787 787 = - = - = - 787 787
Coal /Nuclear 12 12 = - 400 400 8,250 8,524 = - 1482 1482 10171 10,445%
RWE Group* 13,039 10,697 426 199 14,269 14,301 8,250 85247 1469 1469 1,482 1,482 39,265  36,990°

1 Figures reported in accordance with IFRS accounting, i.e. fully consolidated activities are recognised in full, whereas activities in which we own minority shareholdings are generally not recognised

2 Including production capacity not attributable to any of the energy sources mentioned (e.g. electricity from waste-to-

energy plants)

3 Adjusted figure: now includes our Niederaussem E and F as welll as Neuratth C lignite units again, which were put back online in compliance with the German Substitute Power Station Act in October 2022.

4 Including insignificant capacity at RWE Supply & Trading.

48


--- Page 29 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Business performance

Installed capacity based on renewables? Offshore Wind Onshore Wind Solar Hydro. Biomass Total
As of 31 December, MW 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
Germany 940 598 689 637 ig) 3 376 393 i - 2,024 1,630
United Kingdom 2,529 1,672 803 803 = - 78 84 55 55 3,466 2,615
Netherlands = - 383 331 21 17 aa 11 742 742 DAS 1,100
Poland = - 497 425 17 1 = - = - 514 426
Spain = - 488 447 89 45 = 12 = - S77 504
Italy = - 514 488 = - = - = - 514 488
Sweden 48 48 116 116 = - = - = - 164 164
USA = - 3,874 3,313 Sz 125 = - = - 4,195 3,438
Australia = - 2 - 249 249 © - = - 249 249
Rest of the world = - 92 36 838 47 = - = - 180 83
RWE Group 3,517 2,318 7,455 6,596 804 486 465 500 798 797 13,039 10,697
1 Figures reported in accordance with IFRS accounting, i.e. fully consolidated activities are recognised in full, whereas activities in which we own minority shareholdings are generally not recognised. Commercial rounding can result in inaccurate
sum totals.
Marginal increase in carbon dioxide emissions. Last year, our power stations emitted CO, emissions of our power stations 2022 2021 +/-
83 million metric tons of carbon dioxide. This is 2.1 million metric tons more than in 2021. Million metric tons
The utilisation of our lignite-fired power stations was up considerably on 2021 due to the Hydro / Biomass /Gas 24.2 25.0 -0.8
scarcity of gas. Our specific emissions, i.e. the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per of which:
megawatt hour of electricity generated, rose from 0.50 metric tons to 0.53 metric tons. In Germany 24 26 -02
addition to higher generation volumes from coal, the significant reduction in production
from vero. carbon nuclear energy came to bear here. The increase in our ower generation United Kingdom Be 2s +t
from the climate-friendly energy sources wind and solar had a counteracting impact. Netherlands 7) 8.0 =10
Turkiye 0.9 16 -0.7
Coal / Nuclear 58.8 55.9 2.9
RWE Group 83.0 80.9 2.1

49


--- Page 30 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

65.3 million metric tons of lignite produced. We procure most of the fuel we need to
generate electricity on international trading markets. By contrast, lignite is sourced from
proprietary opencast mines. In our Rhenish mining area west of Cologne, we produced

65.3 million metric tons of lignite last year. This was 2.7 million metric tons more than in
2021, owing to the increased power generation of our lignite power plants in response to
the gas supply crisis. We used the lion's share, or 56.6 million metric tons, of the mined lignite
to generate electricity. The remainder was dedicated to manufacturing refined products
(e.g. lignite powder, hearth furnace coke and briquettes) and, to a limited extent, to
generating process steam and district heat.

Electricity and gas sales down on previous year. In fiscal 2022, we sold 193,930 GWh of
electricity and 39,479 GWh of gas. Most of these volumes are attributable to the company
RWE Supply & Trading, which markets the electricity generated by our power stations
externally and is in charge of the key account business: the company is assigned to the
Supply & Trading segment. We sold 4% less of our main product, electricity, than in 2021, in
part owing to the slight decline in generation volumes. In addition, some companies we
supply reduced energy consumption due to high prices. This was also the main reason why
our gas sales were 14% down on the year-earlier level.

Revenue reflects substantial increase in energy prices. Our external revenue amounted to
€38,366 million as opposed to €24,571 million in the preceding year. These figures do not
include natural gas tax or electricity tax. Despite marginally lower generation volumes,
electricity revenue jumped by 51% to €31,027 million. Gas revenue was more than twice as
high as in 2021, totalling €4,633 million. Both of these developments can be traced back to
price effects.

One key performance indicator that is of particular interest to ESG investors is the portion of
our revenue accounted for by coal-fired generation and other coal products. In the fiscal
year that just ended, this share was 17 % (previous year: 22%).

50

4 5
Consolidated financial
statements

Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

External revenue* 2022 2021 +/-
€ million
Offshore Wind 1,401 727 674
Onshore Wind /Solar 2,232 2,330 -98
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 1,830 1,315 515
Supply & Trading 31,959 19,296 12,663
Other = 4 -4
Core business 37,422 23,672 13,750
Coal / Nuclear 944 899 45
RWE Group (excl. natural gas tax/ electricity tax) 38,366 24,571 13,795
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 203 235 -32
RWE Group 38,569 24,806 13,763
1. Some prior-year figures restated.
External revenue by product? 2022 2021 +/-
€ million
Electricity revenue 31,027 20,521 10,506
of which:
Offshore Wind 1,377 727 650
Onshore Wind / Solar 2,165 2,113 52
Hydro / Biomass / Gas 1,323 877 446
Supply & Trading 25,958 16,540 9,418
Core business 30,823 20,257 10,566
Coal / Nuclear 204 264 -60
Gas revenue 4,633 2,142 2,491
Other revenue 2,706 1,908 798
RWE Group (excl. natural gas tax/ electricity tax) 38,366 24,571 13,795

1 Some prior-year figures restated.


--- Page 31 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

Adjusted EBITDA 2022 2021 +/-
€ million

Offshore Wind 1412 1,110 302
Onshore Wind /Solar 827 258 569
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 2,369 731 1,638
Supply & Trading 1,161 769 392
Other, consolidation -210 -107 -103
Core business 5,559 2,761 2,798
Coal /Nuclear 751 889 -138
RWE Group 6,310 3,650 2,660

At €6.3 billion, adjusted EBITDA clearly exceeds expectations. Our adjusted earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (adjusted EBITDA) amounted to
€6,310 million. This is more than we had forecast. The outlook which was drawn up in
February 2022 and published on pages 67 et seq. of the 2021 Annual Report envisaged
arange of €3.6 billion to €4.0 billion. We raised this forecast in July 2022 to between
€5.0 billion and €5.5 billion. This new range was, again, exceeded. The fact that we have
performed better than expected is primarily due to the very good trading performance,
favourable conditions on the electricity generation market and strong income from the
short-term optimisation of power plant dispatch. Adjusted EBITDA posted by our core
business amounted to €5,559 million. Our forecast in February envisaged this figure being
between €2.9 billion and €3.3 billion. In the Coal / Nuclear segment, which does not form
part of our core business, we recorded €751 million. We had forecast €650 million to
€750 million.

Adjusted EBITDA at the Group level improved by 73 % over the previous year. Besides the
aforementioned factors, the substantial hit taken by the Onshore Wind/ Solar segment in
2021 came to bear: an ice storm in Texas in February 2021 resulted in unscheduled
outages, forcing us to fulfil existing electricity supply commitments through expensive
purchases on the market. More information on this can be found on page 43 of the
2021 Annual Report.

51

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The following developments were observed in the segments:

+ Offshore Wind: At €1,412 million, adjusted EBITDA was within the forecast range of
€1,350 million to €1,600 million. It recorded a 27 % gain compared to 2021
(€1,110 million), in particular driven by new generation capacity being commissioned.
Wind levels were below average at our offshore sites, but higher than in the prior year.
Another contributing factor was that we took a majority stake in the Rampion wind farm
in the UK as of 1 April 2021, which has been fully consolidated since then.

Onshore Wind / Solar: In this segment, adjusted EBITDA totalled €827 million. On the
back of improved margins, we were slightly above the range of €650 million to

€800 million which we had forecast in February 2022. Compared to the previous year's
figure, which was exceptionally low (€258 million) due to the ice storm in Texas, adjusted
EBITDA more than tripled. In addition to the non-recurrence of this charge, the
commissioning of new generation assets, more favourable wind conditions and margin
improvements contributed to the positive development. A counteracting effect was felt
from the fact that the year-earlier result contained book gains on the sale of majority
interests in the Stella, Cranell, as well as East and West Raymond wind farms in Texas.

Hydro / Biomass / Gas: Here, we registered adjusted EBITDA of €2,369 million, clearly
exceeding the projected range of €700 million to €900 million. Due to the volatility of the
market, we realised unusually high gains from the short-term optimisation of our power
plant dispatch in the year under review. Generation margins also exceeded expectations.
The aforementioned factors were the main reason why adjusted EBITDA more than tripled
compared to 2021 (€731 million). Earnings shortfalls stemmed from the outage at the
Dutch Claus C gas-fired power plant caused by steam turbine damage. Moreover, we
received lower payments from the British capacity market.


--- Page 32 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

+ Supply & Trading: RWE Supply & Trading posted another very good performance in
international energy trading. Adjusted EBITDA recorded by this segment totalled
€1,161 million, easily surpassing the forecast range of €150 million to €350 million.
This figure also clearly exceeded the year-earlier figure (€769 million). We also achieved
unexpectedly strong income in the gas business. Charges resulted from an impairment of
€748 million recognised for contracts relating to hard coal purchases from Russia (see
page 38). We had considered this effect in the non-operating result in our reporting during
the year. Now we recognise it in adjusted EBITDA.

+ Coal/Nuclear: At €751 million, adjusted EBITDA was at the upper end of our forecast,
which was attributable to unexpectedly good power plant utilisation. In spite of this, we
closed the year down on the previous one (€889 million). This was largely due to the power
station closures in line with Germany's coal and nuclear phaseouts (see page 44 of the
2021 Annual Report). The decommissioning of the Gundremmingen C nuclear power
plant as of 31 December 2021 weighed particularly heavily on earnings. Cost savings
and the short-term optimisation of our power plant dispatch had a positive impact.

52

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Adjusted EBIT 2022 2021 +/-
€ million

Offshore Wind 836 636 200
Onshore Wind /Solar 370 -145 515
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 2,005 418 1,587
Supply & Trading 1,111 721 390
Other, consolidation -210 -106 -104
Core business 4,112 1,524 2,588
Coal / Nuclear 456 661 -205
RWE Group 4,568 2,185 2,383

Adjusted EBIT more than twice as high as a year earlier. The RWE Group's adjusted EBIT
advanced by €2,383 million to €4,568 million, clearly exceeding the range of €2.0 billion to
€2.4 billion projected in February 2022. This increase was driven by the same factors
benefiting adjusted EBITDA. The difference between these two key figures is that operating
depreciation and amortisation, which totalled €1,742 million as opposed to €1,465 million
in the previous year, is included in adjusted EBIT, but not in adjusted EBITDA.


--- Page 33 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Reconciliation to net income 2022 2021 +/- Financial result? 2022 2021 +/-
€ million € million
Adjusted EBIT 4,568 2,185 2,383 Interest income 356 260 96
Non-operating result? -442 -226 -216 Interest expenses -581 -317 -264
Financial result* -3,411 -437 -2,974 Net interest -225 -57 -168
Income before tax 715 1,522 -807 Interest accretion to non-current provisions -149 -131 -18
Taxes on income 2,277 -690 2,967 Other financial result -68 -38 -30
Income 2,992 832 2,160 Financial result -442 -226 -216

of which:

1 Newindicator and some prior-year figures adjusted (see commentary on page 44); except for interest income in the

Non-controlling interests 275 qi. 164 prior year, all items in the table contain adjustments.

Net income /income attributable to

RWE AG shareholders 2,717 721 1,996

1 Newly defined key figures and adjusted prior-year figures (see commentary on page 44).

Reconciliation to net income dominated by exceptional effects. The reconciliation from
adjusted EBIT to net income is characterised by extraordinary effects in the non-operating
result and in relation to taxes on income, which - compared to the previous year - almost
netted each other out. We present the development of the reconciliation items below.

53

Our financial result amounted to - €442 million. This represents a €216 million
deterioration compared to the previous year and is essentially attributable to adjusted net
interest, which dropped by €168 million to - €225 million. The reasons were additional costs
incurred to take out new lines of credit, the increase in bond volume and greater project
financing needs. Furthermore, additional costs were incurred to pledge collateral in the
energy trading business. The dividend on our 15 % stake in E.ON, which is included in net
interest, amounted to €194 million, which was slightly higher than in 2021 (€186 million).


--- Page 34 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

Non-operating result? 2022 2021 +/-
€ million
Adjustment items in EBIT -4,680 -650 -4,030
of which:
Disposal result = 21 -21
Effects on income from the valuation of derivatives -4,195 -503 -3,692
Other -485 -168 -317
Adjustment items in the financial result 1,269 213 1,056
Non-operating result -3,411 -437 -2,974

1 New definition - therefore, some prior-year figures have been adjusted (see commentary on page 44).

The non-operating result, in which we recognise certain items which are not related
to operations or the period being reviewed, came to -€3,411 million (previous year:
-€437 million). Material effects were recorded with regard to the following items:

+ Effects on income from the valuation of derivatives totalled - €4,195 million (previous
year: - €503 million). Such impacts are only temporary and are primarily due to the fact
that, pursuant to IFRS, financial instruments used to hedge price risks are accounted for
at fair value at the corresponding balance-sheet date, whereas the hedged underlying
transactions are only recognised as a profit or loss when they are realised.

+ Inthe ‘other line item, we reported a result of -€485 million (previous year:
-€168 million). We took charges of €1,157 million and €239 million from additions to
mining and restructuring provisions caused by the accelerated lignite phaseout.
Moreover, inflation-driven cost increases led to accruals to mining and nuclear provisions.
Apositive effect was felt from the write-backs we performed on lignite power plants and
opencast mines (€962 million) and on power stations in the Hydro / Biomass / Gas
segment (€952 million) reflecting the more favourable earnings prospects in the
generation business.

54

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Adjustments to the financial result totalled €1,269 million (previous year: €213 million).
This high figure is due to the increase in the real discount rates used to calculate our
nuclear and mining provisions. This coincides with the associated almost complete
recognition in profit or loss of the reduction in the net present value of the obligations.

Income before tax amounted to €715 million (previous year: €1,522 million). In the year
being reviewed, we recorded a tax gain of €2,277 million. This was due to write-backs on
deferred tax assets for which valuation allowances had previously been made. The
allowances were made because no profits are foreseeable in Germany or the Netherlands,
with which we could have offset the deferred tax assets. Earnings prospects in these
countries have since improved again.

At €275 million, non-controlling interests in income were much higher than in the preceding
year (€111 million), above all due to a rise in income from offshore wind farms in which third
parties hold minority interests. This mainly related to Rampion (400 MW), Humber Gateway
(219 MW) and Triton Knoll (857 MW) in the United Kingdom. In addition, we have been fully
consolidating Rampion since 1 April 2021 and thus stated the share in income attributable
to the co-owners that hold a 49.9 % stake for the full reporting period in 2022.

The RWE Group's net income amounted to €2,717 million (previous year: €721 million). This
corresponds to earnings per share of €3.93 (previous year: €1.07) which was calculated
based on 691.2 million shares. The new shares from the conversion of the mandatory
convertible bond issued to Qatar Holding LLC on 10 October 2022 are taken into account
on a prorated basis as per IFRS. Earnings per share for 2021 had been calculated based on
676.2 million RWE shares.


--- Page 35 ---

1 2 3 4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement Consolidated financial Further information
of operations statements

Business performance

Reconciliation to adjusted net income? 2022 2021 +/- Capital expenditure on property, plant and 2022 2021 +/-
€million equipment and on intangible assets*

Income before financial result and taxes -112 1,535 -1,647 Emilion

Adjustment to EBIT 4,680 650 4,030 _Offshore Wind 1,029 1,683 -654
Adjusted EBIT AD 2185 2383 Onshore Wind/ Solar 1,580 1,404 176
Financial result — “a5 340. _Hydro/ Biomass /Gas 424 294 130
Adjustment items in the financial result -1,269 -213 -1,056 Supply & Trading 42 47 -5
Taxes on income 2a ~ 600 2.967 _Other, consolidation - 2 2
Adjustments to taxes on income to a Core business 3,075 3,430 -355
tax rate of 15% -2,896 396 -3,292 Coal/Nuclear 228 259 -31
Non-controlling interests -275 -111 -164  RWEGroup 3,303 3,689 -386

Adjustednetincome 00D SSA 1678 able only shows cash investments.

1 Some prior-year figures restated (see commentary on page 44).

Adjusted net income higher than expected. Adjusted net income came to €3,232 million. Capital expenditure on financial assets* 2022 2021 +/-

Due to the unexpectedly positive earnings of our operating activities, it was above the € million

guided range of €1.3 billion to €1.7 billion. The prior-year figure of €1,554 million was also Offshore Wind 847 27 820

exceeded. To calculate adjusted net income, first we deducted the non-operating result on Onshore Wind/Solar 256 27 229

the reconciliation statement. Then, instead of applying the actual tax rate we used a Hydro / Biomass /Gas 68 6 62

budgeted rate of 15% which was not impacted by exceptional effects (see page 26). Supply & Trading 9 20 ~14
Other, consolidation a - 1
Core business 1,181 80 1,101

Coal/ Nuclear - - -

RWE Group 1,181 80 1,101

1 Table only shows cash investments.

55


--- Page 36 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Business performance

Marked increase in capital expenditure on renewable energy. In the past fiscal year, our
capital spending totalled €4,484 million (previous year: €3,769 million). The funds were
mostly used for our Offshore Wind (42%) and Onshore Wind / Solar (41%) segments.

At €3,303 million (previous year: €3,689 million), capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets was significant. Due to delays resulting from supply chain
disruptions, however, it was lower than planned. The single-largest expenditure item was the
construction of the Kaskasi offshore wind farm (342 MW) near Heligoland, Germany, all
turbines of which have been online since the end of 2022. Substantial funds were also
dedicated to the Sofia wind farm (1,400 MW) in the UK North Sea, which is scheduled for
completion in 2026. Further major investment recipients were wind and solar projects in the
USA as well as the construction of the gas-fired power plant in Biblis, which will contribute to
stabilising the German power grid from 2023 onwards.

We spent €1,181 million on financial assets (previous year: €80 million). Of this sum,

€743 million was used to make a capital contribution to our US joint venture with National
Grid Ventures. The funds were used to pay a one-off lease fee for a site in the New York Bight
where we intend to build offshore wind assets. Further major spending items were the
acquisition of Polish project developer Alpha Solar and a capital contribution to the joint
venture with Greece's leading energy utility Public Power Corporation (PPC) established at
the end of 2021.

In the year under review, 83 % of our capital expenditure was taxonomy-aligned. This means
that these funds were spent on activities classified as sustainable according to the EU
Taxonomy Regulation. This percentage is based on total investments of €4,231 million. The
difference to the amount stated above (€4,484 million) results from the fact that non-cash
transactions are also taxonomy-relevant whereas capital expenditure on financial assets is
not considered.

56

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022

Consolidated financial Further information

statements
Workforce? 31Dec 2022 31Dec 2021 +/-
Offshore Wind 1,663 1,277 386
Onshore Wind/ Solar 2,509 2,146 363
Hydro / Biomass /Gas 2,691 2,606 85
Supply & Trading 1,965 1,804 161
Other? 499 467 32
Core business 9,327 8,300 1,027
Coal / Nuclear 8,983 9,946 -963
RWE Group 18,310 18,246 64

1 Converted to full-time positions.
2 This item exclusively comprises employees of the holding company RWE AG.

Personnel increase in renewables - job cuts in lignite. As of 31 December 2022, the
RWE Group had 18,310 people on its payroll, of which 12,992 were employed in Germany
and 5,318 worked abroad. Part-time positions were considered in these figures on a
pro-rata basis. Headcount was essentially unchanged compared to the end of the prior
year. We recorded a significant decline (- 963) in the Coal / Nuclear segment where many
employees accepted early retirement offers as part of the German coal phaseout.
Conversely, we increased the workforce in our core business in order to accelerate our
growth, adding 1,027 new positions last year. Large-scale projects involving the
construction of new wind and solar farms played an important role in this context.

Personnel figures do not include apprentices or trainees. At the end of 2022, 742 young
adults were learning a profession at RWE, compared to 785 in the previous year.


--- Page 37 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Financial position and net worth

2.7 Financial position and net worth

Our financial po:
investing billions in the expansion of renewables in 2022, our net debt remained below
zero. As of the balance-sheet date, RWE posted net cash in the amount of €1.6 billion.
We cover most of our financing needs with earnings from our operating activities. In
addition, we have a wide range of tools to procure debt capital. This past year, we

ion and net worth is fundamentally solid. Despite once again

managed to increase our debt financing headroom by upping our credit line volume
and adding a second Commercial Paper Programme. The Group is thus much better
positioned to provide for greater short-term liquidity coverage in the event of
turbulence on the energy markets.

How we procure funds. Our ambitious growth strategy means that we require significant
financial resources to be available long term. However at times, we will also require
substantial liquidity at short notice, for example as collateral for commodity futures.
RWE's most important source of financing are our cash flows from operating activities. Debt
capital procurement is also an integral component and we have a range of tools at our
disposal to this end:

+ Our Debt Issuance Programme (DIP) gives us latitude in raising debt capital for the long
term. It allows us to issue senior bonds with a total face value of up to €10 billion. The
mandatory convertible bond issued to Qatar Holding LLC and our two hybrid bonds are
not part of the programme. In late 2022 and early 2023, we issued bonds in the amount
of €4.25 billion within the framework of our DIP. By the end of February 2023, we had
used €6.1 billion of the programme's headroom. We plan to bolster our DIP to ensure
long-term access to the necessary debt capital to fund our growth investments.

57

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

For short-term refinancing, we have two Commercial Paper Programmes, a European
programme (ECP) and - since late 2022 - an American one (USCP). The ECP allows us to
raise funds equivalent to up to €5 billion on the European money market. We largely
exhausted this funding volume during the past fiscal year. The volume of commercial
paper outstanding fluctuated between €2.4 billion and €3.8 billion in 2022. The USCP
allows us to issue commercial paper to American investors with a total value of up to
US$3 billion. We have been utilising this programme since February 2023.

To secure our liquidity, we also have access to three syndicated credit lines totalling

€8 billion, which are extended by a consortium of 27 international banks. We secured the
first credit line in the amount of €3 billion back in April 2019. It is due to expire in April
2026. The second has a volume of €2 billion and replaced a credit line which expired in
April 2022; it will also remain at our disposal until April 2026. In light of increased volatility
in energy prices and the related rise in liquidity requirements to hedge forward contracts,
we secured a third credit line in March 2022, which increases our financing headroom by
another €3 billion. It was initially going to expire after a year, however, we exercised the
option to extend it for six months and reserve the right to do so for a second time. At our
request, the conditions of all three credit lines are linked to sustainability criteria. Among
other things, the conditions depend on the development of the following three indicators:
the share of renewables in RWE's generation portfolio, the COz intensity of our plants and
the percentage of our capex that is classified as sustainable in accordance with the EU
taxonomy regulation. We have set goals for all three of these criteria. If we do not achieve
them, we would have to pay higher interest and commitment fees. Half of the additional
expenses would be directed to non-profit organisations.


--- Page 38 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

3
Responsibility statement

Cash flow statement 2022 2021 +/-
€ million

Funds from operations 5,306 7,103 -1,797
Change in working capital -2,900 171 -3,071
Cash flows from operating activities 2,406 7,274 -4,868
Cash flows from investing activities -9,892 -7,738 -2,154
Cash flows from financing activities 8615 1,457 7,158
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes

in value on cash and cash equivalents 34 58 -24
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents 1,163 1,051 112
Cash flows from operating activities 2406 7,274 -4,868
Minus capital expenditure -4484 -3,769 -715
Plus proceeds from divestitures /asset disposals 110 ~—-1,057 -947
Free cash flow -1,968 4,562 -6,530

In. Cash flows

Operating cash flow significantly below the previous year at €2.4 bi
from operating activities, the RWE Group's most important source of finance, amounted to
€2,406 million in 2022. Despite significantly improving our operating income, we fell far
short of the previous year's high level (€7,274 million). This was largely due to the fact that
we paid more variation margins for commodity derivatives than we received, following a
high positive net figure in 2021. These margins are sureties for exchange-traded futures
contracts pledged during the term of the contracts. We recognise the resulting change in
liquidity in operating cash flow, which was also burdened by the fact that we purchased and
stored gas at extremely high market prices. The cash outflow was associated with an
increase in working capital. Another reason for the decline in cash flow was that last year’s
figure contained a one-off payment of €880 million, which the government issued as
compensation for the German nuclear phaseout.

58

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Investing activities led to a cash outflow of €9,892 million (previous year: €7,738 million).
We made significant investments in securities in the year under review. Added to this was
capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and financial assets, which came to
€4,484 million (see page 56).

Our financing activities brought in a cash inflow of €8,615 million (previous year:

€1,457 million). The significant increase is, inter alia, attributable to substantially boosted
proceeds on the issuance of bonds. Taking the mandatory convertible bond issued to
Qatar Holding LLC into account, the issuance volume in 2022 amounted to €5.7 billion.
On balance, we also reported revenue generated from initial margins and collaterals.
Unlike variation margins, these sureties are reported in cash flows from financing activities.
In 2021, they had been associated with significant cash outflows. The redemption of
commercial paper and short-term bank loans in the fiscal year led to cash outflows.
Dividend payments to RWE shareholders and minority shareholders totalled €913 million,
compared to €730 million in the previous year.

On balance, the aforementioned cash flows from operating, investing and financing
activities increased our cash and cash equivalents by €1,163 million.

Cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditure, plus proceeds from
divestments and asset disposals, results in free cash flow. In the year under review, this
figure amounted to - €1,968 million, down on the high prior-year figure (€4,562 million).


--- Page 39 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Financial position and net worth

Net cash /net debt? 31Dec 2022 31Dec 2021 +/-
€ million

Cash and cash equivalents 6,988 5,825 1,163
Marketable securities 13,730 8,347 5,383
Other financial assets 8,543 12,403 -3,860
Financial assets 29,261 26,575 2,686
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt,

commercial paper -15,621 -10,704 -4,917
Hedging of bond currency risk 8 -9 17
Other financial liabilities -5,382 -7,090 1,708
Financial liabilities -20,995 -17,803 -3,192
Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt 299 290 9
Net financial assets 8,565 9,062 -497
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations -900 -1,934 1,034
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations 680 459 221
Provisions for nuclear waste management -5,704 -6,029 325
Provisions for dismantling wind farms -1,011 -1,198 187
Net cash (+) /net debt (-) 1,630 360 1,270

1 Mining provisions are not included in net debt. The same holds true for the assets which we attribute to them.
At present, this includes our 15% stake in E.ON and our claim for state compensation for the German lignite
phaseout in the amount of €2.6 billion.

59

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

€1,630 million in net cash. On the balance-sheet date, the net cash (+)/net debt (-) item
was once again positive. At €1,630 million it was in fact higher than last year (€360 million).
This rise was largely attributable to the issuance of a mandatory convertible bond to

Qatar Holding LLC, which caused equity to rise in accordance with IFRS, despite the fact
that it had not yet been converted into RWE shares at the balance-sheet date. In addition,
provisions declined, particularly for pensions and similar obligations. This was due to the fact
that the discount rates we use to calculate the present value of obligations increased as a
result of market developments. The interest rates used to calculate pension provisions
amounted to 4.2 % for Germany and 4.9 % for the UK, compared to 1.1% and 1.8% last
year. A market-induced decrease in the plan assets we use to cover major portions of our
pension obligations triggered an increase in provisions. Conversely, negative free cash flow
and the dividend payments to RWE shareholders weighed on net financial assets.

Leverage factor below zero. One of our key management parameters is the ratio of net
debt to the adjusted EBITDA of the core business, also referred to as the leverage factor.
We set the upper limit for the leverage factor at 3.0 in order to secure our financial flexibility.
On the balance-sheet date, this indicator was below zero. However, it should increase in the
medium term, above all due to growth investments in our green core business, which we will
also finance using debt capital.

Significantly reduced off-balance-sheet obligations from fuel purchases. Net debt does
not include our off-balance-sheet obligations, which largely stem from long-term purchase
agreements for commodities. As of the balance-sheet date, our payment obligations from
material fuel procurement contracts amounted to €4.5 billion (previous year: €22.3 billion).
In relation to electricity procurement, they amounted to €7.2 billion (previous year:

€7.1 billion). The figures are based on assumptions regarding the prospective development
of commodity prices. Our contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
and equipment remained largely constant at €5.7 billion versus last year. Further
off-balance-sheet obligations result, inter alia, from liabilities for pension commitments
that employees of our former subsidiary innogy had earned up to its IPO in 2016.


--- Page 40 ---

1
To our investors

2
Combined review
of operations

Financial position and net worth

3
Responsibility statement

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

Group balance sheet structure 31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021 31 Dec 2022 31Dec 2021
€ million % € million % € million % € million %
Assets Equity and liabilities
Equity 29,279 211 16,996 119
Non-current assets 42,286 305 38,863 27.3. Non-current liabilities 29,584 214 28,306 19.9
of which: of which:
Intangible assets 5,668 41 5,884 41 Provisions 15,595 113 16,943 119
Property, plant and equipment 23,749 17.1 19,984 14.0 Financial liabilities 9,789 71 6,798 48
Current assets 96,262 69.5 103,446 72.7 Current liabilities 79,685 575 97,007 68.2
of which: of which:
Trade accounts receivable 9,946 7.2 6,470 45 Provisions 6,489 47 4,268 3.0
Derivatives, other receivables Financial liabilities 11,214 8.1 10,996 77
and other assets 61,035 441 79,626 56.0 Trade accounts payable 7,464 5.4 4,428 3.1
Marketable securities 13,468 97 8,040 5.6 Derivatives and other liabilities 54,518 39.3 77,315 54.4
Assets held for sale 619 0.4 657 05 Liabilities held for sale = = - -
Total 138,548 100.0 142,309 100.0 ‘Total 138,548 100.0 142,309 100.0

Equity ratio up by 9.2 percentage points to 21.1%. In our consolidated financial

statements dated 31 December 2022, we reported a balance-sheet total of €138.5 billion.

This was slightly lower than last year (€142.3 billion). The ongoing bullish sentiment on the

electricity and fuel markets is reflected in our elevated commodity derivative positions.
However, they failed to reach the level achieved in 2021: they dropped by €15.7 billion to
€48.7 billion on the assets side and by €23.5 billion to €52.7 billion on the equity and
liabilities side of the balance sheet. Other significant changes versus 2021 concerned our

marketable securities portfolio, which increased by €5.4 billion. Property, plant and
equipment rose by €3.8 billion. One reason for this was that we recognised €1.9 billion in

60

write-backs in relation to power plants and opencast mines. The equity and liabilities side of
the balance sheet increased by €12.3 billion to €29.3 billion. In addition to the changes to
the derivative positions and the write-backs, the issuance of a mandatory convertible bond
to Qatar Holding LLC in the amount of €2.4 billion also came to bear. The share of equity in

total assets (equity ratio) increased by 9.2 percentage points to 21.1%.


--- Page 41 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

4
Consolidated financial
statements

5
Further information

RWE Annual Report 2022

2.8 Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)

The financial statements of RWE AG are largely influenced by the business performance
of its sub: ries. The profit transfers of these companies declined in comparison to
2021. This was more than compensated for by a write-back we recognised in relation to

our stake in RWE Power, due to more favourable earnings prospects in the generation
business. This move was also instrumental in achieving a higher net profit of €1.3 billion
for the year. Our distributable profit, which amounted to €670 million, reflects the
intended distribution to RWE shareholders: we plan to propose a dividend of €0.90 per
share to the Annual General Meeting taking place in May 2023.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31Dec 2022 31Dec 2021 +/-
€ million

Assets

Financial assets 19,174 17,866 1,308
Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 24,052 7,922 16,130
Other accounts receivable and other assets 306 616 -310
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 15,713 11,709 4,004
Total assets 59,245 38,113 21,132
Equity and liabilities

Equity 9,091 8,359 732
Provisions 3,067 2,245 822
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 35,857 18,743 17,114
Other liabilities 11,230 8,766 2,464
Total equity and liabilities 59,245 38,113 21,132

Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2022 2021 +/-
€ million

Income from financial assets 1,202 378 824
Net interest -803 318 -1,121
Other income and expenses 818 132 686
Taxes on income 118 280 -162
Net profit 1,335 1,108 227
Transfer to other retained earnings -665 -499 -166
Distributable profit 670 609 61

Financial statements in accordance with German commercial law. RWE AG prepares
its financial statements in compliance with the rules set out in the German Commercial
Code and the German Stock Corporation Act. The financial statements are submitted

to Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, located in Cologne, Germany, which publishes them in the
Company Register. They are available on the internet at www.rwe.com/financial-reports.

Assets. RWE's annual financial statements dated 31 December 2022 record €59.2 billion
in total assets. This is significantly higher than the previous year (€38.1 billion). Accounts
receivable and payable from affiliated companies registered a significant rise. This was
mainly due to internal refinancing, which involved RWE AG taking on a subsidiary's
receivables from RWE Renewables, indebting itself in the same amount with the subsidiary.
The issuance of the mandatory convertible bond to Qatar Holding LLC played a part in
increasing total assets: proceeds from the issue were allocated to the assets side of the
balance sheet whilst the liability toward the subsidiary issuing the bond impacted the equity
and liabilities side. In addition, the balance-sheet items ‘marketable securities and cash and
cash equivalents’ and ‘other liabilities’ increased, which was, inter alia, due to our bonds
issued in 2022 (see page 19). At €9,091 million, RWE AG's equity rose by €732 million

61


--- Page 42 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Notes to the financial statements
of RWE AG (holding company)

versus last year's figure. The equity ratio dropped by 6.6 percentage points to 15.3%. The
increase in equity due to the mandatory convertible bond issued to Qatar Holding LLC is not
yet included in the figures. In this regard, the regulations pursuant to German commercial
law are different than the IFRS rules for the consolidated financial statements. When the
bond is converted in March 2023, equity will grow by €2.4 billion.

Financial position. RWE AG has a solid economic position with high levels of cash and
cash equivalents and a number of financing tools at its disposal that it can use flexibly.
Accordingly, our long-term credit ratings from Moody's (Baa2) and Fitch (BBB+) are
classified as ‘investment grade’ Last year, both these rating agencies reaffirmed their
positive assessments. You can find detailed information on RWE’s financial situation on
pages 57 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AG's earnings position improved compared to 2021. The main
items on the income statement developed as follows:

+ Income from financial assets rose by €824 million to €1,202 million. The main
contributing factor here was the write-back recognised in relation to the stake in RWE
Power, due to more favourable earnings prospects in the generation business. Financial
burdens from profit- and loss-pooling agreements with subsidiaries also came to bear,
however. For example, RWE AG absorbed a considerable loss from RWE Power, which had
to significantly adjust its mining provisions upwards due to the decision to expedite the
lignite phaseout to 2030 and inflationary cost rises. Only last year, RWE Power had
transferred a profit. Our subsidiary RWE Nuclear also closed the financial year at a loss,
despite posting a positive result in 2021 due to the compensation paid for the nuclear
phaseout. By contrast, RWE Generation's profit transfer increased substantially. This was
due to write-backs recognised in relation to stakes in Dutch and British generation
companies.

+ Netinterest decreased by €1,121 million to -€803 million. This was in part due to a
decline in capital gains from the management of plan assets used to cover our pension
obligations.

62

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ The ‘other income and expenses line item improved by €686 million to €818 million. In
the year under review - as in 2021 - we recognised write-backs for financial accounts
receivable from a Dutch subsidiary. This reversed impairments in previous years.

The presented earnings figures and tax income of €118 million (previous year:
€280 million) led to a net profit of €1,335 million. Compared to 2021, we were therefore
able to achieve an increase of €227 million.

The distributable profit of €670 million corresponds to the proposed dividend payment of
€0.90 per share to our shareholders. The new shares resulting from the conversion of the
mandatory convertible bond issued to Qatar Holding LLC on 10 October 2022 are taken
into account here.

Outlook for 2023. RWE AG's earnings largely depend on the business performance of its
subsidiaries. Our current assessment for 2023 makes us confident that net profit will
provide the necessary headroom for the intended dividend of €1.00 per share. It will
probably remain at around the same level as in 2022.

Corporate governance declaration in accordance with Sections 289f and 315d of the
German Commercial Code. On 15 February 2023, the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board of RWE AG issued its Corporate Governance Declaration in accordance with Sections
289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code. The declaration contains the Corporate
Governance Report and has been published at www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-

declaration.


--- Page 43 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

2.9 Outlook

We are confident that we will be able to carry our good earnings position through into
2023. As things stand, we anticipate adjusted EBITDA of €5.8 billion to €6.4 billion.

For our core business, we expect a figure between €4.8 billion and €5.4 billion. The
acquisition of Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses on 1 March 2023 and the
commissioning of new generation capacities will have a positive impact on earnings.
We also expect the utilisation of our wind farms to improve due to better weather
conditions. Conversely, our energy trading income and earnings from the short-term
optimisation of our power plant dispatch are likely to fall well below the high levels seen
in 2022. Moreover, the revenue cap may lead to tangible earnings shortfalls.

Gloomy economic prospects in RWE’s core markets. The war in Ukraine and high inflation
will continue to weigh heavily on the global economy in 2023. The German Council of
Economic Experts expects global growth to be around 2% (source: Annual Report
2022/2023). For the eurozone, it puts this figure at 0.3%. The outlook for Germany is even
more subdued: the Council expects the gross domestic product of the largest economy in
the currency union to drop by 0.2%. High energy prices are expected to play a part in limiting
growth. According to estimates from the Council, the Netherlands should scrape by with a
moderate increase of 0.6 %, whereas economic output in our most important non-EU
market, the UK, is likely to stagnate. For the USA, the experts project growth of 0.4%.

Decreased power consumption on the cards. Our projections for power consumption
during the current year are based on the above economic outlook. We also predict energy
saving measures to continue, particularly in Europe. In light of these factors, electricity
demand in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA should be 1% to 4% lower than
in 2022.

63

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements
Forecast 2022 actual Outlook for 2023
€ million
Adjusted EBITDA 6,310 5,800-6,400
of which:
Core business 5,559 4,800-5,400
of which:
Offshore Wind 1,412 1,400-1,800
Onshore Wind/ Solar 827 1,100-1,500
Hydro/ Biomass /Gas 2,369 1,750-2,150
Supply &Trading 1,161 300-600
Coal / Nuclear 751 800-1,200
Adjusted EBIT 4,568 3,600-4,200
Adjusted net income 3,232 2,200-2,700

Adjusted EBITDA in 2023: range of €5.8 billion to €6.4 billion expected. We are confident
that we will be able to pick up where we left off last year in terms of our earnings position.
The Group's adjusted EBITDA in 2023 is expected to range between €5,800 million to
€6,400 million (previous year: €6,310 million). For our core business, we forecast a figure
between €4,800 million and €5,400 million (previous year: €5,559 million). The acquisition
of Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses on 1 March 2023 and the commissioning of new
wind and solar farms will have a positive impact on earnings. We also assume wind
conditions will return to normal levels, which would be associated with better utilisation of
our wind farms versus 2022. Conversely, income from the short-term optimisation of our
power plant dispatch and from energy trading will likely fail to meet the high level achieved
last year. Furthermore, we expect the European revenue cap to weigh heavily on earnings.
Outside our core business in our Coal/ Nuclear segment, adjusted EBITDA will likely improve
due to better margins.


--- Page 44 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Outlook

Adjusted EBIT should fall within a range of €3,600 million to €4,200 million (previous
year: €4,568 million), with operating depreciation and amortisation at approximately
€2,200 million. We expect adjusted net income to be between €2,200 million to
€2,700 million (previous year: €3,232 million).

Our outlook broken down by segment is as follows:

+ Offshore Wind: Adjusted EBITDA in this business is expected to total between
€1,400 million and €1,800 million (previous year: €1,412 million). The first full year of
operation of our Triton Knoll and Kaskasi wind farms will have a positive impact on
earnings. We also expect both better asset utilisation due to improved weather conditions
as well as higher realised electricity prices. This is juxtaposed by national electricity
revenue caps and rising costs for the development of growth projects.

+ Onshore Wind / Solar: Adjusted EBITDA in this segment is forecast at €1,100 million to
€1,500 million. This would see us closing 2023 significantly above the previous year
(€827 million), mainly driven by the additional earnings from Con Edison Clean Energy
Businesses which has been fully consolidated since 1 March 2023. New-build facilities will
also help boost EBITDA. In a similar vein to our Offshore Wind segment, we expect
improved weather conditions and higher realised electricity prices, but also counteractive
effects from national revenue caps and rising expenditure for project development.

+ Hydro / Biomass / Gas: Here, adjusted EBITDA will most likely not match last year's high
level (€2,369 million). We project a figure in the €1,750 million to €2,150 million range.
Realised electricity prices and income from the short-term optimisation of our power
plant dispatch is expected to be lower than the high levels seen in 2022. We expect that
the commissioning of our grid stabilisation plant in Biblis and the addition of Magnum, the
Dutch gas-fired power plant we acquired on 1 February 2023, will have a positive impact.

64

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

+ Supply & Trading: Assuming business develops normally, adjusted EBITDA in this segment
should range between €300 million and €600 million. In this case, it would fall clearly
below the exceptional level registered in 2022 (€1,161 million).

+ Coal/Nuclear: Here, adjusted EBITDA will likely rise to between €800 million and
€1,200 million (previous year: €751 million), despite the shutdown of our Emsland nuclear
plant planned for April 2023. Higher margins from lignite-based power generation will be
the deciding factor here.

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment markedly up on last year.

In comparison to 2022 (€3,303 million), we plan on substantially increasing our property,
plant and equipment and intangible asset investments. We will focus our other investments
on wind and solar power projects as well as batteries in the USA and Europe. Considerable
funds will be allocated to building the Sofia offshore wind farm in the British North Sea. In
addition to property, plant and equipment investments, we will be investing significant sums
in financial assets, not least due to the acquisition of Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses.

Leverage factor to stay below upper limit of 3.0. As explained on page 59, we reported
negative net debt as at 31 December 2022. The ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA for
our core business (leverage factor) was therefore below zero. However, it will probably rise in
the long run as we plan to partially finance our growth investments by raising debt capital.
The completion of our acquisition of Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses, in particular, will
have a debt-increasing effect. At the same time, we remain confident that at the end of the
current year the leverage factor will stay well below 3.0, which is the upper limit we set for it.

Dividend for fiscal 2023. The Executive Board of RWE AG aims to pay a dividend of €1.00
per share for the 2023 financial year. This is an increase of €0.10 over the dividend
proposal for 2022.


--- Page 45 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.10 Development of risks and opportunities

The last year has shown just how fast framework conditions in the energy sector can
change. Examples include massive price spikes on energy markets and the new revenue
caps on electricity production in Europe. Thanks to our lignite exit agreement with the
government, there has, however, also been progress in terms of planning security.
Energy supply is a long-term business. Companies like RWE need a reliable framework,
but also have to be able to respond quickly to changes, managing their impact
effectively. Our professional risk management is essential in this regard. ‘Professional’
not only means systematically measuring, assessing and managing our risks. It also
means identifying and leveraging opportunities.

RWE’s controlling and risk management system. Our internal controllingand risk
management system enables the early detection and management of various business-
related risks. It also helps us identify and leverage opportunities. Our analyses and actions
relate to processes that impact the success of our business. They also take sustainability
matters into consideration. To ensure our financial reporting is accurate and reliable, we use
an accounting-related internal control system (see pages 73 et seq.) and also rely ona
compliance management system (CMS), designed to ensure compliance with the
regulations and standards applicable to RWE (see page 74).

Internal Audit regularly verifies the quality and functionality of our controlling and risk
management system. Such assessments were also carried out in 2022 and gave no cause
to doubt the appropriateness and effectiveness of our controlling and risk management
system. The Executive Board of RWE AG confirmed the Group's risk bearing capacity by way
of a resolution dated 23 November 2022.

65

Distribution of risk management tasks. Responsibility for risk and opportunity
management within the Group lies with the parent company RWE AG. Its Executive Board
monitors and manages the Group's overall risk. In addition, it determines the general risk
appetite of RWE and defines upper limits for single risk positions. At the level below the
Executive Board, the Controlling & Risk Management Department has the task of applying
and constantly refining the risk management system. It derives detailed limits for the
individual business fields and operating units from the risk caps set by the Executive Board.
Its tasks also include checking that the risks have been identified in full and are plausible
before aggregating them. In so doing, it receives support from the Risk Management.
Committee, which is composed of the heads of the following five RWE AG departments:
(1) Controlling & Risk Management (Chair), (2) Finance & Credit Risk, (3) Accounting,

(4) Legal, Compliance & Insurance, and (5) Strategy & Sustainability. The Controlling & Risk
Management Department provides the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of
RWE AG with regular reports on the company’s risk exposure.

Anumber of additional organisational units and committees have been entrusted with risk
management tasks:

+ The Group's financial risks and credit risks are managed by the Finance & Credit Risk
Department of RWE AG.

+ The Accounting Department ensures that financial reporting is free of material
misstatements. It has an accounting-related internal control system for this purpose.
Acommittee consisting of officers from Accounting and other departments of relevance
to accounting assists in securing the quality of financial reporting.


--- Page 46 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

+ To prevent violations of statutory regulations and other norms, we have established a
compliance management system, overseen by the Chief Compliance Officer. We also
employ Group compliance officers, who dedicate their time to ensuring Group-wide rules
and regulations are implemented uniformly.

+ Risks from changes in commodity prices are monitored by RWE Supply & Trading. The
company not only manages these risks in relation to energy trading but also with regard
to electricity generation and our gas business.

+ The Commodity Strategy Group, established in 2022, is responsible for the strategic
management of the commodity positions we take in relation to our power generation
activities. RWE AG is represented by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer
and the Head of Controlling & Risk Management. The management team of
RWE Supply & Trading is also represented in the committee.

+ The Commodity Management Committee is responsible for implementing the risk
management strategies developed by the aforementioned committee. This expert panel
consists of the CFO of RWE AG, the Management Team of RWE Supply & Trading and a
representative of the Controlling & Risk Management Department.

+ Risks relating to data availability and protection, and the security of IT systems are
overseen by the Group Cyber Security Department of RWE AG. It analyses risk exposure
and ensures that our Group companies implement necessary safeguards.

Under the expert management of the aforementioned organisational units, RWE AG and
its subsidiaries are responsible for identifying risks early, assessing them correctly and
managing them in compliance with corporate standards.

66

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Risk identification and assessment. Risks and opportunities are defined as negative or
positive deviations from expected figures. Their management is an integral and continuous
part of operating processes. We assess risks every six months, using a bottom-up analysis.
We also monitor risk exposure between the regular survey dates. The Executive Board of
RWE AG is immediately notified of any material changes. The executive and supervisory
bodies are updated on the Group's risks once a quarter.

Our risk analysis normally covers the three-year horizon of our medium-term plan, but can
extend beyond that in individual cases. We measure the potential damage based on the
possible effects on net income, liquidity, net debt and equity. In doing so, we take hedges into
account.

We display the material risks using a matrix (see next page) in which they are categorised by
potential damage and probability of occurrence. Where possible, we aggregate risks that
share the same cause to one single risk. To clearly assign them to the matrix fields, we have
established damage potential thresholds, which are oriented towards the RWE Group's
ability to bear risks. They are presented in the table below the matrix. Depending on their
position in the matrix, we distinguish between low, medium and high risks. Through this
systematic risk identification, we determine whether there is a need for action and initiate
measures to mitigate the risks if necessary.


--- Page 47 ---

1
To our investors

Potential damage

2

Combined review

of operations
Development of risks
and opportunities

3

Responsibility statement

RWE risk matrix

Category V
Category IV
Category Ill
Category II
Category!
1%<P<10% 10%<Ps20% 20%<P<50% 50%<P
Probability of occurrence (P)

Mi Lowrisk Mi Mediumrisk M™ Highrisk
Potential damage? —_ Earnings risks Indebtedness / equity risks

Potential impact on Potential impact on liquidity,
€ million net income (Xx) net debt and/or equity (Y)
Category V 8,000 < X 8,000<Y
Category IV 1,500 < X< 8,000 4,000 < Y< 8,000
Category Ill 600 s X< 1,500 2,000 < Y< 4,000
Category II 300 < X< 600 1,000 < Y < 2,000
Category | X< 300 Y< 1,000

1 Aggregated over the planning horizon.

67

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022

Consolidated financial Further information

statements
Risk classes Classification of the highest single risk

March 2023 March 2022

Market risks High Medium
Regulatory and political risks High High
Legal risks Low Low
Operational risks Medium Medium
Financial risks Medium Medium
Creditworthiness of business partners, Medium Medium
Other risks Low Low

Main risks for the RWE Group. Depending on their causes, our risks can be divided into
seven Classes, which are shown in the table above. The highest individual risk determines
the classification of the risk of the entire risk class. Our classification of risks reflects the
situation in March 2023. The following are the most important changes that occurred
compared to our assessment in the previous year (see pages 70 et seqq. of the 2021
Annual Report):

+ We have upgraded the classification of our market risks from ‘medium to ‘high’. As the
elevated energy prices helped improve our earnings prospects, we are now exposed to
greater downside deviations if prices drop again.

+ In October 2022, we reached an agreement with the German government and the state
of North Rhine-Westphalia on the framework conditions for bringing the lignite phaseout
forward to 2030. This gives us more planning certainty for our activities in the Rhenish
region. Nevertheless, we continue to classify our regulatory and political risks as ‘high’ This
assessment was triggered by recent state intervention in the energy market, above all the
introduction of an electricity revenue cap in the EU and UK. It cannot be ruled out that the
revenue cap will be prolonged and/or lowered. In the long run, we also see the risk of a
fundamental change in the electricity market's design, leaning towards increased price
regulation by the state.


--- Page 48 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

In this section, we provide commentary on the main risks and opportunities we have
identified for 2023 and the following two years. We will also explain what measures have
been taken to counter the threat of negative developments.

+ Market risks. In most of the countries in which we are active, the energy sector is
characterised by the free formation of prices. This presents both opportunities and risks.
Prices quoted on our key European electricity forward markets reached new heights in
2022 and are still inflated. The situation is likely to remain tense for some time,
particularly due to the continued absence of Russian fuel imports. We have therefore
upped our planning estimates related to future electricity quotations. The risk of suffering
asetback should prices drop has thus become greater. We therefore classify our market
risks as ‘high.

Should power prices decline, we may be forced to recognise impairments on plants and
mines. In fiscal 2022, €1.9 billion in write-backs were applied to these activities, due to
improved market conditions. If price developments are unfavourable, we will revise the
book value downward.

We assess the price risks to which we are exposed on the procurement and supply
markets taking account of current forward prices and expected volatility. For our power
plants and parts of our renewable energy portfolio, we limit the earnings risks by selling a
significant portion of the electricity forward. We secure the prices of fuel and CO2 emission
allowances needed to produce power when we sell the electricity. This makes it easier for
us to plan future margins.

However, by selling electricity forward, we run the risk of having to make expensive
purchases on the market to fulfil supply commitments in the event of production outages
or missing fuel deliveries. In addition, as seen with the recent price hikes, collateralising
forward contracts can lead to significant temporary cash outflows. We address this risk
when deciding how much power to sell forward.

68

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes to managing commodity price
risks. It Functions as the Group's interface to the global wholesale markets for electricity
and energy commodities. RWE Supply & Trading markets large portions of our electricity
output on behalf of our power generation companies and purchases the necessary fuel
and CO> certificates. In compliance with risk thresholds, the company also takes
commodity positions to achieve a profit.

Our risk management system for energy trading is aligned with the best practice
standards as applied to the trading businesses of banks. As part of this, we only conclude
transactions if the associated risks are within approved limits. There are guidelines
governing the treatment of commodity price risks and associated credit risks. Our
commodity positions are constantly monitored. Risks associated with trades conducted
by RWE Supply & Trading for its own account are monitored daily.

The Value at Risk (VaR) is of central importance for risk measurement in trading. It
specifies the maximum loss from a risk position not exceeded with a given probability
over a certain planning horizon. In the Group we generally base our VaR figures on a
confidence interval of 95 % - with a holding period of one day. This means that, with a
probability of 95 %, the daily loss will not exceed the VaR. The VaR for the price risks of
commodity positions in the trading business must adhere to a €60 million ceiling. In the
year under review, we periodically raised this limit to €80 million. The actual daily figures
were usually significantly lower. They averaged at €36 million.

In addition, limits derived from the aforementioned VaR thresholds have been set for each
individual trading desk. Furthermore, we develop extreme scenarios and factor them into
stress tests, determine their consequences for earnings and take countermeasures if we
deem the risks to be too high.


--- Page 49 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

The management of our gas portfolio and LNG business is pooled in a dedicated
organisational unit at RWE Supply & Trading. These activities are also subject to a daily
cap, which is set at €40 million. We also temporarily raised this upper limit to €65 million.
The actual average VaR for the year under review was €38 million.

We also use financial instruments to hedge our commodity positions. In the consolidated
financial statements, these instruments are, inter alia, presented through the statement
of on-balance-sheet hedges. The same applies to financial instruments serving the
purpose of limiting interest rate and currency risks. More detailed information on this
can be found on pages 136 and 187 et seqq. in the Notes.

+ Regulatory and political risks. Most countries in which we are active have set their sights
on ambitious climate protection goals. Having designed our business model around the
energy transition, our company is now able to leverage a range of opportunities for
growth. We want to swiftly cut our CO3 emissions whilst contributing to security of supply.
This strategy offers more assurance that regulatory interventions to improve climate
protection will not have a disruptive impact on our business.

Despite the growing proportion of carbon-free or low-carbon technologies in our
generation business, it continues to be affected by substantial regulatory and political
risks. In the past year in particular, there were massive state interventions in the energy
sector. One example of this is the electricity revenue cap in the EU and the UK, which we
report on in more detail on page 32. In light of the high energy and commodity prices
resulting from the Ukraine crisis, governments imposed temporary limits on revenues
achieved by electricity producers exceeding a certain price level. In the short term, we

see the risk of the revenue caps being lowered or prolonged, while in the long term, we see
the risk of a Fundamental change in the electricity market's design leaning towards an
energy industry with more state regulation in which revenue is set, e.g. by revenue caps or
contracts for difference. Proponents of such measures are increasing in number in the
political sphere. If these measures were implemented, they could significantly reduce
earnings in the entire generation business.

69

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Support programmes for renewables and hydrogen projects are also difficult to forecast.
Amendments could make investments less attractive, causing us to abandon them, and
there is also the risk that subsidies might retrospectively be cut. We do, however, also see
the possibility of European governments creating a more favourable framework for
investments in green technologies, in a similar vein to the Inflation Reduction Act in the
USA. In the dialogue we maintain with policymakers, we point out that companies looking
to invest in building climate-friendly energy infrastructure need attractive and reliable
framework conditions. Discretionary interventions to the detriment of investors could
contribute to governments missing their emissions reduction targets.

State-imposed restrictions on cross-border trade could also significantly hinder plans to
build a green energy infrastructure. We see an elevated risk of this being the case in the
USA. As explained on page 35, solar module imports from Asia are now subject to
stringent checks, causing considerable delays for solar projects. If the USA continues

to impede the procurement of solar panels, then it is possible that our photovoltaic
expansion initiatives could fall behind schedule.

By contrast, the risk exposure of our lignite business has declined somewhat. Germany's
governing parties had declared in their coalition agreement at the end of 2021 that
Germany should ideally stop producing electricity from coal as early as 2030, eight years
before the exit date established in the German Coal Phaseout Act. We had feared
significant financial losses due to this plan. As explained on pages 33 et seq., in October
2022 we were able to reach an agreement with policymakers on the future of our

lignite business in the Rhenish region. It was decided that RWE would prematurely shut
down its last plants by 2030, but would operate more units in the interim than originally
legislatively envisaged, to avoid supply shortages. The negotiated conditions are
acceptable to us. Furthermore, we now have a reliable basis for planning. Although the exit
date has been brought forward, the compensation that we are legally entitled to for the
lignite phaseout will remain at €2.6 billion. The European Commission is yet to grant
antitrust approval, but we remain confident that Brussels will give the green light.


--- Page 50 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

In energy trading, there is risk of stricter regulatory requirements that limit the scope for
transactions or give rise to additional costs. The recently high commodity prices and the
associated rise in regulatory action have given weight to this risk.

Dismantling decommissioned power stations is also associated with regulatory risks,
particularly in relation to nuclear energy. There is a risk here that stricter legal or
regulatory requirements will lead to unexpectedly high expenditure. However, we also see
the potential to make better progress than expected and to achieve cost savings.

Even in the present regulatory environment, we are exposed to risks associated with, for
instance, approvals for constructing and operating production facilities. This particularly
affects our opencast mines, power stations and wind farms. The danger here is that
approvals are granted late or not at all and that granted approvals are withdrawn
temporarily or for good. Furthermore, delays in the transfer of land that has been
assigned to us for lignite mining are also possible.

Legal risks. Individual RWE Group companies are involved in litigation and arbitration
proceedings due to their operations or M&A transactions. Out-of-court claims have been
filed against some of them. Furthermore, Group companies are directly involved in various
procedures with public authorities or are at least affected by their outcomes. To the extent
necessary, we have accrued provisions for possible losses resulting from pending
proceedings before ordinary courts and arbitration courts.

Risks may also result from exemptions and warranties that we granted in connection with
the sale of assets. Exemptions ensure that the seller covers the risks that are identified
within the scope of due diligence, the probability of occurrence of which is, however,
uncertain. In contrast, warranties cover risks that are unknown at the time of sale. These
hedging instruments are standard practice in sales of companies and equity holdings.

70

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

We currently have low exposure to legal risks. This assessment did not change compared
to the previous year.

Operational risks. RWE operates technologically complex, interconnected generation
assets. Despite all the precautions taken, damage and outages cannot be entirely
excluded. If generation capacity is subject to unplanned downtime, this can result in
significant earnings losses given the current elevated prices. Conversely, there is also
potential for additional earnings, if plant availability is better than expected. To mitigate
risks, we ensure that our power supply commitments are not too high, as we may be
forced to buy electricity at a high cost to meet these obligations in the event of production
outages. Furthermore, we also regularly maintain our facilities and take out insurance
policies if economically viable.

Utilisation of our wind and solar farms primarily depends on weather conditions. Longer
periods of low wind, cloud coverage or darkness coinciding with high energy prices can
cause generation volumes and revenue in individual years to remain significantly below
estimates. We minimise the impact of weather conditions on Group earnings by dispersing
our green assets geographically. This helps us to at least partially compensate for less
favourable meteorological conditions at one location with more favourable weather at
another.

When production facilities are built and modernised, delays and cost increases can occur,
for example due to logistical bottlenecks or inadequate services provided by suppliers. In
recent years, the coronavirus pandemic and international trade conflicts have proven

to be risk factors. Project delays can trigger additional spending and even have a negative
impact on the level of support received in relation to renewables assets. With the help of
circumspect planning and diligent project management, we do everything within our
power to deliver projects within the expected time frames.


--- Page 51 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Development of risks
and opportunities

Operational risks due to the COVID-19 pandemic continue to be a factor, albeit to a
significantly lesser extent. A new wave of infections would be associated with potential
delays in deliveries from suppliers. It is also conceivable that the reliable operation of our
plants may be jeopardised if a large number of employees goes on sick leave. Thanks to
comprehensive preventive measures and forward-looking emergency plans, we were
able to keep all major operational processes up and running during the peaks of the
pandemic. We are confident of being able to accomplish this in the future if necessary.

RWE has ambitious growth targets and has increased its investment budgets significantly.
We take care to ensure that our new-build projects and acquisitions satisfy our return
requirements. It is difficult to project the actual income our projects will generate. If events
unfold unfavourably, new-build initiatives could retrospectively turn out to be unprofitable
and prices paid for acquisitions could prove to have been too high. We prepare our
investment decisions by conducting extensive analyses to try and map the financial and
strategic effects as realistically as possible before taking investment decisions. Moreover,
RWE has specific accountability provisions and approval processes in place to prepare
and implement the decisions.

Our business processes are supported by secure data processing systems. Nevertheless,
it is not possible to rule out a lack of availability of IT infrastructure or a breach in data
security. There is a significant risk of cyber attacks. The Ukraine conflict may trigger a rise
in these sorts of attacks. We limit our IT risks with high security standards, and groupwide
cyber security training programmes are designed to mitigate them. In addition, we
regularly invest in hardware and software upgrades.

As in the previous year, we classify our operational risks as ‘medium.
+ Financial risks. Interest rates, foreign exchange rates, securities prices and rates of

inflation are subject to fluctuations, which can be difficult to predict and can have a major
impact on our net worth and earnings.

71

4 5
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

RWE Annual Report 2022

Changes in interest rates give rise to risks and opportunities in several respects. Market
interest rates, for example, can impact our provisions, as they are the point of reference
for the discount rates used for determining the net present values of obligations. This
means that, all other things being equal, provisions decrease when market interest rates
rise and increase when market interest rates fall. On pages 174 et seqq. of the Notes, we
present the effects of changes in interest rates on the net present values of our pension
obligations and on nuclear and mining provisions.

Financing costs rise and fall in line with interest rates. We measure the possible impact
using the Cash Flow at Risk (CFaR), applying a confidence level of 95% and a holding
period of one year. The average CFaR at RWE AG in 2022 was €61 million.

Rises in market interest rates can lead to reductions in the prices of the securities we hold
and vice versa. This primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. We measure the risk of such
price fluctuations using a sensitivity analysis. As of the balance-sheet date, an increase in
market interest rates of 100 basis points would have lowered the value of the bonds on
our books by €36 million.

We are also exposed to price risks in relation to our 15% stake in E.ON, which had a fair
value of €3.7 billion at the end of 2022.

Security price fluctuations not only have an impact on RWE’s financial assets but also on
pension funds. In the case of unfavourable capital market developments, we might have
to significantly increase our pension provisions in order to compensate for our fund assets
potentially losing value.

We control risks and opportunities from changes in the price of securities with a
professional fund management system. Range of action, responsibilities and controls are
set out in internal guidelines which the Group companies are obliged to adhere to when
concluding financial transactions. All financial transactions are recorded using special
software and are monitored by RWE AG.


--- Page 52 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

Foreign exchange risks are overseen centrally by RWE AG. We aggregate foreign currency
payments made and received across all Group companies to net financial positions for
each currency and hedge the latter almost in full using currency derivatives.

Pricing changes can also give rise to risks. High inflation and rapidly rising wages can
trigger an unplanned increase in operational costs. Where applicable, we then have to up
our provisions for future obligations. We are particularly exposed to rises in sectors from
which we source products and services for nuclear waste disposal and recultivating
opencast mine areas.

Cash collateral pledged for forward transactions also harbours a risk. The amount of the
payments depends on the extent to which the contractually agreed prices deviate from
market quotations as of the respective cut-off date. Substantial differences may weigh
heavily on our liquidity. The wholesale price hikes on commodity markets in 2021 and
particularly 2022, forced us to periodically pledge unusually high collateral for forward
sales. Thanks to our robust financial position and use of financing instruments at our
disposal, we were always able to provide the required funds. Another positive was that we
also received significant collateral due to the rising commodity prices, in particular for
forward transactions for fuel and CO3 emission allowances.

The conditions at which we finance our debt capital are in part dependent on the credit
ratings we receive from independent rating agencies. Moody's and Fitch classify our
creditworthiness in the investment grade category. If our rating deteriorates, we may incur
additional costs if we have to raise debt capital. This would probably also increase the
liquidity requirement when pledging collateral for forward transactions. However, we
believe that such a scenario is unlikely. Just last year, Moody's and Fitch confirmed our
credit score. They appreciate our solid financial position and RWE’s transformation into

a leading renewable energy company.

72

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

The assessment of our creditworthiness by rating agencies, banks and capital investors
depends in part on the level of our net debt. We have set ourselves a net debt cap for this
purpose, which amounts to three times the adjusted EBITDA of our core business. We are
optimistic that we will be able to adhere to this limit, but we cannot rule out the possibility
that we may temporarily exceed it, for example if significant collateral is needed for
commodity forward contracts.

Despite the significant increase in volatility on commodity markets, we continue to classify
our financial risks as ‘medium’.

Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business relations with key accounts,
suppliers, trading partners and financial institutions expose us to credit risks. Therefore,

we track the creditworthiness of our partners closely and assess their credit standing based
on internal and external ratings, both before and during the business relationship. We
determine credit limits prior to concluding transactions above a certain size and all trading
transactions. These are adjusted if necessary, for instance in the event of a change in the
business partner's creditworthiness. At times, we request cash collateral or bank
guarantees.

In the trading and financing business, credit risks and the utilisation of the limits are
measured daily. We agree on collateral when concluding most over-the-counter trading
transactions. Furthermore, we enter into framework agreements, e.g. those of the
European Federation of Energy Traders. For financial derivatives, we make use of the
German Master Agreement for forward financial transactions or the Master Agreement
of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association.

The significant price spikes on commodity markets have increased the danger of
transaction partners being unable to meet their obligations. Tangible financial losses from
contracts that are particularly valuable to us could be the consequence. We are
monitoring the default risks closely and are assessing counterbalancing measures.


--- Page 53 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

Although our risks stemming from the creditworthiness of our business partners have
increased overall, they still do not exceed the ‘medium category.

+ Other risks. Here, we record the potential effects of damage to our reputation,
compliance infringements and criminal acts. We continue to classify other risks as ‘low.

RWE’s risks and opportunities - general assessment by management. RWE is presented
with a number of risks and opportunities that can have a material impact on our economic
situation. Our company's risk exposure has not changed fundamentally compared to our
assessment of March 2022. There are currently no foreseeable developments that would
undermine the viability of RWE AG or the RWE Group.

Recently, our core markets witnessed significant political interventions that weighed on
the investment climate. One example is the introduction of revenue caps on electricity
production in Europe. It cannot be ruled out that the revenue cap may be lowered and/or
prolonged. It is conceivable that this may be the start of more extensive price regulation in
the electricity sector. We believe that this currently represents a significant risk. However,
there were also positive developments. In the USA, the government introduced the Inflation
Reduction Act, creating a reliable framework for green technology investments. The
agreement we reached with the German government and the state of North Rhine-
Westphalia to bring the lignite phaseout forward to 2030 also gives us more stability.
Furthermore, we expect this to go hand in hand with stronger political support for creating
climate-friendly replacement assets.

Market developments also present risks and opportunities, as exemplified in the past year.
Due to the extreme price spikes on the electricity wholesale market, we were temporarily
required to pledge significant collateral for forward contracts. Thanks to our solid financial
planning, we were always able to raise the necessary funds. Our economic outlook has
improved with the rising electricity prices. However, we are also exposed to more significant
earnings shortfalls, should prices drop again. Nevertheless, we remain confident that the

73

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

market environment will remain favourable for RWE, allowing the company to continue
achieving attractive returns by investing in climate-friendly generation assets.

Thanks to the measures for safeguarding our financial and earning power over the long
term and our comprehensive controlling and risk management system, we are confident
that we can manage our current risks. At the same time, we are establishing the
prerequisites for ensuring this remains the case in the future.

Accounting-related internal control system - statements in accordance with Sec. 289,
Para. 4, and Sec. 315, Para. 4 of the German Commercial Code. Our financial reporting is
exposed to the risk of misrepresentations that could have a significant influence on the
decisions made by their addressees. This may cause capital investors to invest in a company
based on incorrect assumptions. Capital market law regulations and RWE's Code of
Conduct require that we inform the public of our business performance and important
company-specific events completely, objectively, accurately, clearly and in a timely manner.
We use a series of tools to meet this ambition. Examples of this are our IFRS accounting
regulation and the high minimum standards to which we subject the IT systems used to
record and process accounting-related data. Furthermore, we use an accounting-related
Internal Control System (ICS) for quality assurance purposes. The ICS aims to prevent
potential errors and misrepresentations that result from non-compliance with accounting
standards.

The Accounting Department of RWE AG is responsible for designing the ICS and reviewing
its effectiveness. In doing so, it applies groupwide rules. In addition, it receives assistance
from the ICS Committee, the objective of which is to ensure that the ICS is applied
throughout the Group following uniform principles and meeting high ambitions in terms
of correctness and transparency. The Committee consists of representatives from the
Accounting, Controlling & Risk Management and Internal Audit & Security Departments,
along with officers from the human resources, procurement, trading, finance, taxes and

IT functions, which are closely related to accounting.


--- Page 54 ---

1 2 3

To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations
Development of risks

and opportunities

We subject the ICS to a comprehensive review every year. First, we examine whether the
risk situation is presented appropriately and whether suitable controls are in place for the
identified risks. Then, we test the effectiveness of the controls. ICS reviews that pertain to
accounting-related processes, for example, to the preparation of financial statements or
to consolidation, are conducted by employees from the Accounting Department. When it
comes to processes handled by service centres on our behalf, for example invoice
processing, an auditor certifies the appropriateness and effectiveness of the controls. The
representatives of the finance, human resources, procurement, trading and IT functions
document whether the agreed ICS quality standards are adhered to by their respective
areas. Our Internal Audit & Security Department provides assistance for the ICS reviews.
The results of the reviews are documented in a report to the Executive Board of RWE AG.
The review conducted in 2022 once again demonstrated that the ICS is effective.

Within the scope of external reporting, the members of the Executive Board of RWE AG take
an initial half-year and a full-year balance-sheet oath, confirming that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the financial statements give a true
and fair view of the net worth, financial position and earnings. When in session, the
Supervisory Board's Audit Committee regularly concerns itself with the effectiveness of the

ICS. Once a year, the Executive Board of RWE AG submits a report on this to the Committee.

74

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Notes on the compliance management system. The RWE Group has established a
compliance management system (CMS) that is aligned to its risk exposure and aims to
ensure adherence to legal provisions as well as internal guidelines and regulations. With the
help of our CMS, we want to enshrine compliance as a core value, solidifying it in the
thoughts and actions of our staff and thereby avoiding potential misconduct. In doing so, we
are particularly diligent in identifying and avoiding the risk of corruption. Measures taken
include consulting in case of isolated incidents and training courses. We also carry out
regular compliance risk analyses. Our employees have access to a whistleblower channel -
where they can choose to remain anonymous - to notify compliance officers if they witness
violations or activity that could damage the business. For more information on our CMS,
please refer to page 90 et seqq.


--- Page 55 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

2.11 Disclosure relating to German takeover law

The following disclosures are in accordance with Sections 315a and 289a of the
German Commercial Code as well as with Section 176, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1 of
the German Stock Corporation Act. They relate to company-specific regulations, for
example regarding adjustments to the capital structure by the Executive Board or

a change of control of the company. At RWE, these provisions are in line with the
standards of German listed companies.

Composition of subscribed capital. On 31 December 2022, RWE AG's capital stock
amounted to €1,731,123,322.88. It is divided among 676,220,048 no-par-value bearer
shares.

Limitation of voting rights or share transfers and employee share schemes. One share
grants one vote at the Annual General Meeting and determines the proportion of the
company’s profit to which the shareholder is entitled. This does not apply to RWE AG's
treasury stock, which does not confer any rights to the company. Voting rights are excluded
by law in cases where Section 136 of the German Stock Corporation Act applies.

Within the scope of an employee share plan, we issued 424,120 RWE shares to our
employees in Germany in the financial year that just ended. The beneficiaries may only
freely dispose of the shares after 31 December 2023.

RWE also has employee share schemes in the United Kingdom. Participating companies are
RWE Generation UK plc, RWE Supply & Trading GmbH UK and RWE Technology UK Limited.
Last year, 21,267 RWE shares were purchased under these schemes. The shares are also
subject to a restriction on disposal, which lasts five years from the grant date.

75

Employees can exercise the control rights conferred on them from the employee shares in
the same manner as other shareholders can whilst in compliance with statutory regulations
and the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of voting rights and special rights with
control powers. As of 31 December 2022, no holding in RWE AG exceeded 10% of the
voting rights. There are no RWE shares with special rights that confer control powers.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members / amendments to the Articles
of Incorporation. Executive Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Sections 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in conjunction with Section
31 of the German Co-Determination Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are
made pursuant to Sections 179 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in
conjunction with Article 16, Paragraph 5 of the Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG.
According to the aforementioned provision in the Articles of Incorporation, unless otherwise
required by law or the Articles of Incorporation, the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all
resolutions by a simple majority of the votes cast or - if a capital majority is required - by the
simple majority of the capital stock represented when the resolution is passed. Pursuant to
Article 10, Paragraph 9 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Supervisory Board is authorised
to pass resolutions in favour of amendments to the Articles of Incorporation that only
concern formal matters, without having a material impact on the content.

Executive Board authorisation to implement issuances and buybacks of RWE shares.
The Annual General Meeting of 26 April 2018 authorised the Executive Board of RWE AG,
subject to Supervisory Board approval, to purchase shares in the company accounting for
up to 10% of the capital stock when the resolution was passed or when the authorisation is
exercised, if the latter is lower at that time. At the Executive Board's discretion, the purchase
can be made on the stock exchange or via a public offer. Shares acquired in this manner
may be used for all purposes described in the authorisation. Shareholder subscription rights
may be waived depending on the purpose for which the shares are used.


--- Page 56 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

The Annual General Meeting of 28 April 2021 authorised the Executive Board to increase
the company’s capital stock subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board by up to
€346,224,663.04 through the issuance of up to 135,244,009 bearer shares (authorised
capital). The authorisation is limited to five years and expires on 27 April 2026.

The Annual General Meeting of 28 April 2021 further authorised the Executive Board until
27 April 2026, subject to Supervisory Board approval, to issue bearer convertible and/or
option bonds with a total face value of up to €5,000,000,000 with or without a limited
maturity and to grant the bondholders convertible or option rights to bearer shares in the
company. To enable the issuance of shares to holders of convertible and/or option bonds,
the Annual General Meeting of 28 April 2021 conditionally increased the company's capital
stock by up to €173,112,330.24 (conditional capital), corresponding to 67,622,004
bearer shares.

New shares from authorised capital and the aforementioned bonds may be issued in
exchange for contributions in cash or in kind. These shares must generally be tendered
to the shareholders for subscription. However, the Executive Board is authorised, subject
to Supervisory Board approval, to waive subscription rights in the following cases:

+ to avoid fractions of shares resulting from the subscription rate;

+ ifthe issuance is conducted in exchange for contributions in kind;

+ to provide protection from dilution in connection with convertible and/or option bonds
that have already been issued;

+ ifthe issue price of the new shares or bonds is not significantly below their quotation or
their theoretical fair value calculated by generally accepted methods of quantitative finance
and if waived subscription rights are limited to no more than 10% of the capital stock.

76

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

In sum, shares issued from authorised capital with a waiver of subscription rights and in
connection with convertible or option bonds may not exceed 10% of the capital stock. The
aforementioned upper limit is defined by the amount of capital stock at the time the
resolution providing the authorisation was adopted or when the authorisation is exercised,
if the capital stock is lower at that time. Other measures taken waiving subscription rights
count towards the upper limit.

RWE exercised the authorisation to issue convertible bonds in connection with the
acquisition of Con Edison Clean Energy Businesses. On 1 October 2022, the Executive
Board decided with the approval of the Supervisory Board to issue a mandatory convertible
bond with a total nominal value of €2,427,600,000.00 to Qatar Holding LLC in exchange
for a cash contribution. The new shares from the conversion of the bond account for 9.1%
of the increased capital stock.

The issuance of the mandatory convertible bond used nearly all the leeway for taking capital
measures waiving subscription rights under the existing authorisations.


--- Page 57 ---

1 2 3
To our investors Combined review Responsibility statement
of operations

Disclosure relating to
German takeover law

Effects of a change of control on financing instruments. Our debt financing instruments
often contain clauses that take effect in the event of a change of control. Such provisions
are in place e.g. in respect of our €8 billion in syndicated credit lines, and essentially mean
that in the event of a change of control or majority at RWE AG, drawings are suspended until
further notice. The lenders shall enter into negotiations with us on a continuation of the
respective credit line. The time limit for doing this is 30 days from the notification of the
change of control. On expiry of the time limit, lenders who are not satisfied with the outcome
of the negotiations may revoke their loan commitment or cancel the loan if it has already
been paid out, requesting immediate repayment.

The RWE bonds that we placed publicly in 2021 and 2022 are also subject to change-of-
control clauses. In the event that a change of control is announced or implemented,
investors may request that their bonds be redeemed by a certain deadline, if RWE's long-
term credit rating falls below investment grade due to the change of control or if the rating
agencies stop issuing us a credit rating. A similar rule applies to the senior bond that
matures in 2037, a small portion of which remained on our books as it could not be fully
transferred to innogy in 2016.

In the event of a change of control, we can redeem our two subordinated hybrid bonds
with volumes of €282 million and US$317 million within the determined change-of-control
period. If they are not redeemed and our long-term credit rating falls below investment
grade or credit ratings are no longer issued, their annual yield rises by 500 basis points.

77

4 5 RWE Annual Report 2022
Consolidated financial Further information
statements

Compensation agreement with the Executive Board and employees in the event of a
takeover offer. The current version of the German Corporate Governance Code dated

28 April 2022 recommends that no commitments to additional benefits be made in the
event that Executive Board members terminate their employment contract early due to a
change of control. We fully adhere to this principle, meaning that we have not included
clauses envisaging a special right of termination or rights to severance subject to a change
of control in any of the current employment contracts of the members of the Executive
Board of RWE AG.

Share-based compensation for Executive Board members and executives is subject to

the following provisions: in the event of a change of control, RWE will pay out all the
performance shares that have been finally granted, but have not been paid out yet on expiry
of the holding period. Performance shares granted on a preliminary basis on the date of a
change of control are valued based on the degree to which the targets have been achieved
up to that point in time. Performance shares granted on a preliminary basis in the year of
the change of control lapse. They are replaced by a new plan of equal value for the Executive
Board members and executives for the fiscal year in which the change of control occurs and
the following years.
