

--- Page 1 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Our company

‘ams OSRAM is a global leader in optical solutions with a focus on lighting and sens-
ing technologies. We are known for our imagination, deep engineering expertise and
worldwide industrial manufacturing capacities. Our innovative products and technol-
cogies enable radically new applications that make life better for everyone. Using the
full spectrum of light, we capture, analyze and visualize the information our environ-
ment provides. We enable humans and machines to comprehend and interact with
the world around us: to make journeys safer, medical diagnoses more accurate and
everyday moments of communication a richer experience.

Pursuing our vision to become the uncontested leader in optical solutions, we contin-
uously advance our technologies in sensing, illumination and visualization. We offer
what we believe to be an unparalleled portfolio of optical solutions and technologies:
from high-quality light emitters and optical components to light sensors, micro-mod-
ules, ICs and the related software and algorithms.

Optical semiconductor solutions are a key enabling technology, making many other
innovations possible across industries. Our deep system understanding, paired with
our leading expertise in the areas of emitting, directing, sensing and processing
light, makes us the partner of choice for many industries. We enable our customers
in the automotive, consumer, industrial, and healthcare sectors to create innovative,
market-changing applications and thus maintain their competitive edge.

With a view to creating technologies for growth markets, we continue to add to our
innovation roadmap through significant R&D investments and strategic acquisitions,
strengthening our excellent IP position with more than 15,000 patents. We continually
invest in our leading semiconductor expertise and world-class manufacturing net-

work to live up to our reputation of reliably bringing top quality to the world at scale.

‘Systematically executing our strategy for innovation and technology leadership, we

move towards realizing our vision while pursuing long-term profitable growth for our
company and its stakeholders.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Our business

As a global leader in optical technologies, we harness the full spectrum of light to
make life better. From product idea to tangible design through to the manufacturing
process, we enable our customers to create high performance optical applications
for the automotive, consumer, industrial and healthcare markets. What differentiates
us, is our broad technology spectrum covering the emission of light as well as its
detection through sensing and intelligent processing. We serve the value chain of
optical solutions with our innovative products and solutions, which are designed for
best-in class performance, size, cost and energy efficiency.

We are experts in the development and integration of a wide range of optical tech-
nologies, from single components through to complex systems. This enables us to be
a market and innovation leader, serve our customers as trusted partners and differ-
entiate ourselves in the marketplace.

Group Financial Statements

Automotive: Reliability drives innovation

The automotive industry is changing. New technologies and innovative mobility con-
cepts are making vehicles continually safer and smarter. The rise of e-mobility places
new demands on automotive design and requires new energy-efficient solutions. As
«@ long-standing innovation leader in optical semiconductor technologies, we play

an important role in redefining mobility. We turn ideas into tomorrow's technologies
with the highest quality and reliability, proving our trusted partnership with the auto-
motive sector.

Optical technologies are a key element of new mobility concepts. The combination
of optical sensors and light emitters makes our product portfolio special. We offer
real added value for safety and comfort in road traffic. Our innovative solutions for
interior and exterior lighting and sensing complement each other in high quality and
precision and are tailored to the requirements of the respective application areas.
Based on our advanced highly-pixelated matrix LEDs we enable intelligent lighting
and visualization solutions for dynamic headlights that can instantly adapt the light
beam to the traffic situation, Advanced driver assistance systems are the backbone
of automated and autonomous driving, With our innovative technologies, we enable
reliable and highly efficient solutions to protect passengers and traffic participants.

The new mobility is transforming the car interior into a living space. High-resolution
displays, smart surfaces, seamless human-machine interaction and adaptable
ambient lighting solutions are gaining importance. Our optical solutions enable a
high level of comfort and a more attractive user experience with high precision and
energy efficiency.

We provide a spectrum of technologies to make automotive mobility safer, more
comfortable and more sustainable.

12


--- Page 2 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Consumer: Performance enables experiences

We are closely connected to the world with smartphones, computers, tablets and
wearables as constant companions. They make our lives easier and safer while al-
lowing us to interact, capture moments and create fun and excitement.

Our advanced sensing and light-emitting technologies actively shape the way
we capture and interact with the world. Our portfolio holds both parts of optical
technologies: the emitting as well as the detecting and sensing technologies. These
technologies play a key role for applications such as bright full-screen displays,

health data sensing and brilliant images for mobile, portable and computing devices.

Together with our customers, we are involved in pioneering solutions for outstand-
ing user experiences. We are a frontrunner in the industrialization of emerging
innovation areas such as microLEDs for next-generation displays. MicroLEDs offer
significant advantages over LCD and OLED displays in key performance aspects
such as brightness, contrast, viewing angle and energy efficiency. We are in a strong
position to become a clear leader in high resolution microLED technology. We have
the capabilities and a focused roadmap to deliver this demanding technology with
microLEDs in smallest structure size.

Our lighting and sensing technologies also improve the quality of images and their
visualization in current applications. They enable accurate ambient light, color and
proximity sensing solutions to operate behind OLED displays. Our miniaturized
solutions help achieve outstanding picture quality for mobile device cameras and
support emerging AR/VR functionalities in fields like proximity sensing, eye-tracking,
‘and near-to-eye projection.

With our expertise, we create inspiring user experiences in next-generation applica-
tions, and make today’s ideas tomorrow's reality.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Industrial: Making light work with reliable
innovations

Digitalization and 5G are revolutionizing industrial automation by enabling machines
to interact with each other as well as with humans. For machines to sense their
environment, they need high-performance sensor and light-emitting solutions. Our
comprehensive portfolio covers different market requirements: speed, power and
accuracy coupled with form factors and cost efficiency.

Our products make industrial production faster and more efficient by enabling
innovations ranging from advanced machine vision to predictive maintenance and
secure human-machine interaction, From production lines to home appliances - our
technologies make machines and robots smarter and thus more powerful, including
safety solutions for collaborative human-machine environments.

As a market leader in horticultural lighting, we create the perfect light environment
for indoor plant growth in indoor or vertical farming. We combine pioneering wave-
length-optimized LEDs across the relevant color spectrum with spectral sensing
technologies for cutting-edge growth stimulation and precise condition monitoring.
Targeted lighting solutions also minimize fertilizer use and reduce energy costs.

Our highly efficient UV-C LED emitters, spectral sensors and accurate presence
detectors are able to make our environment safer. We enable new functionalities for
easy, safe and affordable UV treatment - for example, embedding in light sources to
clean public areas or workplaces.

Our comprehensive lighting portfolio perfectly matches various industrial light-
ing needs with innovative LEDs alongside spectral and ambient light sensors.
Miniaturized LED products provide our customers with endless design possibilities,
greater cost efficiency, outstanding performance and maximum accuracy.

With our extensive portfolio and application expertise, we help make industrial pro-
cesses and applications smart and efficient.

Group Financial Statements

Medical: Delivering miniaturized solutions with high
precision

Awareness of personal health and fitness is steadily growing. Increasing digitization
is driving professional and personal healthcare and opening up completely new func-
tionalities.

Co-creating with customers requires extensive experience and a deep understanding
of medical and health application needs. We develop key technologies for accessi-
ble, precise and efficient diagnostics and healthcare systems. Our advanced sensing
and lighting products offer the highest levels of accuracy, simplify processes and
create new use cases, for example in medical imaging, where we enable best-in-
class digital X-ray and CT images as well as micro-camera invasive examinations.

We bring together innovative light-emitting and optical sensor solutions for ad-
vanced fitness tracking and health data capture. As a leading supplier of vital sign
monitoring solutions, we pioneer technologies spanning from innovative biometric
optical sensor solutions to components for fitness and health monitoring, with and
without medical supervision.

Our products make diagnostics less burdensome and healthcare more accurate,
affordable and individual.

13


--- Page 3 ---

To our Shareholders

Our Company

“The classic driving experience is
transforming into a more holistic
mobility experience.”

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Group Financial Statements

Driving the revolution in automotive and mobility

(On the road to highly assisted and autonomous driving, the classic driving experi-
ence is transforming into a more holistic mobility experience - with optical solutions
playing a key part in enhancing safety, comfort and driving pleasure.

Electrification, connectivity, assisted and autonomous driving - the automotive
industry is undergoing a fundamental change. Which role do optical semicon-
ductors play in this?

Gerald Broneske (Global Product Marketing Automotive): Over more than 100
years as a trusted partner for the automotive industry, we have witnessed and pio-
neered many groundbreaking trends in automotive technology. The most revolution-
ary, however, is happening right now. For a long time, in the driver’s perspective, the
engine, chassis and driving experience came first. Today, with cars becoming in-
creasingly electrified, automated, connected and shared, the user and driver focuses
on a more holistic mobility experience: on safety and comfort, on connectivity and
entertainment, on increased interaction with the vehicle’s functions and features. To
bring this new automotive paradigm into reality, optical solutions play an essential
role.

Can you give us some examples?

GB: For many years, traditional optical technologies provided essential functions for
headlights, breaking and turn signals, and in-cabin lighting. With LEDification many
of these traditional technologies have already been replaced by LED light sources.
In addition, we find many more optical products for smart illumination and visual-
ization in modern or next generation cars - from highly-pixelated matrix headlamps,
ambient lighting to C2X communications and display backlighting.

And there are several promising new growth drivers in the field of sensing, such as
in-cabin sensing and driver monitoring due to regulatory requirements, the upcom-
ing use of LIDAR sensing for automated driving functions, or smart surfaces as the
car develops into a third living room for the user. Based on our global leadership in
automotive lighting and a strong sensing portfolio, ams OSRAM serves these appli-
cations with a broad spectrum of light emitters and sensing solutions.

What does this trend toward smart solutions mean for exterior lighting?
GB: One major trend is Dynamic Forward Lighting, which is about intelligent pixelat-
ed headlights with a number of light points. These adaptive headlights are becoming
increasingly sophisticated as they allow adaption to oncoming traffic, highlight
traffic signs and even project information on the road. To solve the problem of glare,

for example, the highly pixelated LED headlights automatically switch off pixels that
would interfere with the view of the driver of an oncoming vehicle. The more pixels,
the more precisely the beam can be adjusted. Our EVIYOS technology raises the
number of pixels from the current level of just a few dozen pixels to around 25,000
pixels, which not only enables a significant improvement in adaptive headlight oper-
ation but also the projection of warning symbols onto the road surface.

You mentioned smart surfaces. What is behind this concept?
GB: Car manufacturers today want to bring increasing functional complexity into the
car interior. At the same time, the trend is moving toward tidy cockpits with smooth
surfaces and intuitive controls. Physical buttons and knobs are becoming more and
more outdated. And displays are limited to certain areas due to geometric restric
tions and relatively high cost, while also suffering from reflections.

‘Anew human-machine interface is needed - which can be realized via so-called
smart surfaces. They combine light sources, drivers, and sensors to allow novel ap-
plications inside the car. For example, interactive, decorative backside-illuminated
animations and Shytech buttons that only appear when the user looks at them or
moves his hand toward them. This will revolutionize interaction across the full car
interior, including the middle console, center stack, overhead consoles, door panels
or steering wheel.

Are all these new functionalities not impacting the distance range of electric
vehicles?

GB: Of course, these functions need electrical power, and there are intense discus-
sions in the industry about trade-offs between functionality and energy consump-
tion, At the same time, our increasingly efficient semiconductor solutions help save
energy in these functions. For example, our latest LED light sources for daytime run-
ning lights require 33% less power compared to six years ago, while providing more
brightness at the same time. In the eng, this will be a question of optimizing trade-
offs for car manufacturers and buyers. Particularly as light and sensing features are
becoming an increasingly more important differentiation factor for OEMs.

14


--- Page 4 ---

To our Shareholders

Our Company

“microLED promises to combine some
of the really important features that the

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

industry desires.”

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Group Financial Statements

microLEDs revolutionize the way we see

We are surrounded by displays. They constantly provide us with information - from
the latest news, the hottest movie and our current fitness level to the shortest traffic
connection.

LED technology laid the foundation for high-quality, color-intensive video walls and
screens, It was followed by OLED technology offering high color contrasts, wider
viewing angles, and flexible designs. In future, microLED technology promises ex-
ceptionally brilliant colors at very low power consumption, extremely high brightness
and resolution, great reliability, fast response time and flexibility.

What is a microLED display?

Julia Halasz (Head of Business Line): MicroLED displays are based on tiny LED
devices that are used to directly generate the individual pixels from individual, inde-
pendently controllable red, green and blue LEDs, so-called sub-pixels.

We are working on an ultra-small-scale microLED technology which would enable
you to place more than four million microLEDs on a 1 Euro coin, that’s four million
individual and functioning LEDs.

In addition to the brilliant colors and all the benefits above, microLEDs also offer
the potential to integrate sensors and infrared LEDs to enable touch, light, or motion
sensing functions in future generations of the technology.

The extremely small dimensions make manufacturing very challenging. Why do
we need this complex technology when we have other established display tech-
nologies?

JH: MicroLED promises to combine some of the really important features that the
industry desires. High image quality and brilliant colors, for example, and being fully
readable even in bright sunlight. For this you need wide color gamut, high contrast,
wide viewing angles, high pixel density, and fast refresh rates - that is exactly what
microLEDs can enable even better than incumbent technologies.

Energy efficiency is, of course, also very important. As micro LED based displays
only draw power for lit pixels, their efficiency is high. Depending on the application,
this offers significantly lower power consumption and longer battery life.

In applications such as automotive, displays need to be very robust and durable in
extreme temperature conditions and humidity. MicroLEDs can rely on the underlying
LED technology that offers a long lifetime and a wide temperature range.

Which aspect of the technology impresses you most?
JH: It’s hard to choose one single answer. Once you have seen a microLED based
display, you will be really impressed by the incredible difference in image quality and
the pure and vivid colors. But there is also the aspect of a whole supply chain that
must go new ways. Because the technology cannot rely on existing manufacturing
processes or equipment, manufacturers of LEDs, equipment and displays must work
together in close collaboration.

15


--- Page 5 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company Corp. Governance Remuneration Report Management Report

Our talent

In a year characterized by global challenges, we were able to rely on our employ-
ees as a source of continuous engagement and support. Once again, our team of
around 22,000 employees worldwide showed their commitment to paving the way
for new innovative products and solutions by combining our passion for innovation,
our deep engineering expertise and our profound understanding of our customers’
needs. As further factors in our success, we can count our truly global set-up, our
diverse working style and our inventiveness.

In setting a benchmark, we rely on two essential assets. On the one hand, our unpar-
alleled, decade-long expertise along the entire value chain of lighting and sensing
technologies. And, on the other hand, our distinct capacity to anticipate tomorrow's
world and translate it into today’s technologies. Boasting these assets, we set out

to attract and retain the best talent in the semiconductor industry. Our corporate
culture is based on appreciative and respectful relationships, supported by a set of
clear core values and leadership principles. To fulfill our responsibility along the en-
tire value chain, we published a comprehensive human rights policy in 2022.

Trust and integrity, respect, and appreciation are integral parts of our business. They
are reflected in fair working conditions and in a working atmosphere that is free of
discrimination, and where diversity is seen as an opportunity. A global, group-wide
policy sets binding standards on hiring, diversity and inclusion, talent acquisition,
development, training, compensation and benefits.

Our teams bring together more than 83 nationalities in 43 countries. At the same
time, we continued our efforts to increase gender diversity in all areas last year.
Against the backdrop of meaningful transformation and reorganization throughout
the group in 2022, the proportion of female colleagues in the engineering workforce
stood at 20% last year, and the proportion of female leaders in the first two man-
agement levels remained stable at 21%.

With a variety of employee communities and self-managed networks, we are
working to create a dynamic, engaged, and collaborative work environment: an
environment where our employees can develop an entrepreneurial mindset, make
quick decisions, and develop their skills. In addition, our regular dialog formats with
management representatives give space to different ideas.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

We have significantly increased our internal communications activities, adding
quarterly virtual global town hall meetings, for example. We have also expanded and
improved our communications via external channels, including our website, profes-
sional business networks and, in particular, social media

Because every voice matters, we conducted the first global employee survey within
the now combined ams OSRAM team. Supported by an encouragingly high partici-
pation rate of almost 80%, we analyzed the valuable and helpful results and initiated
over 1,300 initiatives globally as a result. Most of the actions and initiatives address
the topics “people development’, “transformation”, “organizational efficiency” and
“engagement”.

Committed to lifelong learning, we offer attractive opportunities for both personal
and professional development. Direct, regular, and structured interchanges between
employees and managers are supported by the extensive training program offered
‘at our ams OSRAM University.

Our employees are the foundation and the driver of our long-term success. We strive
to foster a culture of performance, engagement and retention throughout our orga-
nization that enables our team to be successful with customers and partners. As one
company, one team, we can further advance what we have started together: making
life better with technology.

Group Financial Statements

16


--- Page 6 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

“The move to photon counting is seen to
be as significant as the transition from
black-and-white to color television.”

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Group Financial Statements

With photons to the next revolution in computed tomography

The history of computed tomography (CT) has been defined by technology innova-
tion, and the latest one is a breakthrough: photon-counting detectors. These novel
devices count and analyze the energy of X-ray quanta on a photon level, providing
better spatial resolution and lower radiation doses for patients.

What is this new computed tomography imaging method?

Roger Steadman (Head of System Solution Engineering): In general, computed
tomography or CT is a special X-ray examination method acquiring 3D images of
the body. With the help of an X-ray tube that rotates around the body, several thou-
sand images of a region of the body or an organ are taken and then combined into
‘one 3D volume.

Conventional CT detects a signal which is proportional to the total energy of the
X-ray photons, neglecting that the attenuation of the body or tissue is in fact energy
dependent. Photon counting removes that limitation. As it provides a measure of
not only the number of photons, but also the energy of those photons, it ultimately
allows us to discern which materials are present within the body at which position.
In other words, photon counting provides information that can be used to resolve
unknown variables. This improves image contrast - today each individual photon
contributes equally to the image.

Another interesting aspect of photon counting is the significantly higher spatial reso-
lution. Given the different sensors required for this technology, the spatial resolution
can be up to 4 times better that in conventional CT depending on system parame-
ters defined by the CT system manufacturer.

Why do you consider photon counting to be different from other innovations?

RS: It is the clear goal of all parties involved to further reduce the radiation dose and
to improve early diagnosis by offering additional information. The move to photon
counting is seen to be as significant as the transition from black-and-white to color
television in terms of the additional information it provides. This leads to higher reso-
lution at a much lower radiation dose, resulting in major benefits for the patient. As a
key aspect of the technology, photon counting can reduce X-ray doses by 40 to 80%
depending on the clinical protocol.

In your opinion, what exactly sets us apart here?

RS: We offer our customers a complete solution. Not only does our readout IC meet
the stringent requirements of clinical photon-counting spectral CT with very low
noise and power consumption, it also comes in an innovative system-in-package
where multiple ICs and passive components are embedded in a single package. This
system is “tileable”, meaning that it can be combined with adjacent devices in all di-
rections to form a large detector area which is required for clinical CT. This advanced
solution creates an unmatched winning combination for our customers, combining
ease-of-implementation with state-of-the-art performance.

17


--- Page 7 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

“Making a positive contribution
to society is key to our company’s
long-term success”

—> ams OSRAM Sustainability Report 2022

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Sustainably successful

‘At ams OSRAM, we regard sustainability as an opportunity for long-term growth and
success ~ as well as a mission to enhance people's lives with our products.

What role does sustainability play at ams OSRAM?

Martin Bachler (Head of Corporate Sustainability): For us, sustainability stands for
the long-term success of our company. This will be achieved by creating equal mea-
sures of added value for our company, our customers and society as a whole. We
will enjoy long-term success if our products contribute to achieving our customers’
sustainability goals. We are attractive to investors if we create long-term value and
make ourselves resilient to risks. And from a social perspective, we are successful
when our products improve people's lives.

In this sense, sustainability has important ramifications for our economic success,
and our sustainability mission is closely interconnected with our company’s business
operations: “Through our optical solutions, we create sustainable value and enrich
people’s lives.”

How exactly do our products help customers reach their ESG targets?

MB: Firstly, by taking responsibility for our products, in terms of environmental
compatibility, sustainable manufacturing and product safety. In addition, custom-
ers benefit in particular from the positive properties of our products. Due to their
energy efficiency and small form factor, optical semiconductors are ideally placed
to replace traditional technologies with a poorer ecological balance. The use of
LEDs, for example, has led to significant energy savings in both general lighting and
automotive applications. To illustrate the magnitude: simply by replacing all halogen
daytime running lights with LED technology, around 1,900 metric tons of CO, could
be saved every year, in Germany alone.

We also like to emphasize a key characteristic of our optical sensor solutions: they
enable customers to capture the environment and generate data about the sur-
rounding world. This, in turn, helps make processes more intelligent in terms of effi-
ciency, safety and convenience. In the field of horticulture, our innovative LEDs and
sensors contribute to reductions in the use of energy, water and fertilizers in green-
houses. On the road, our driver assistance solutions help avoid accidents and create
more pleasant driving experience. And our innovative solutions for computed
tomography and digital radiography make it possible to reduce the radiation dose
for patients. Optical solutions therefore enable us to live better and more sustainably
in many different ways.

Group Financial Statements

What is the current status of the company’s efforts with regard to sustainability?
MB: It is still only just over two years since the start of the integration of ams
OSRAM, however we have achieved a lot in this timeframe. For instance, we har-
monized a wide range of our processes, we carried out a materiality analysis and
published our first joint sustainability report. We have also developed a sustainability
strategy encompassing the entire group, with five focus areas. Our key goals have
already been published: carbon neutrality in our own value-creation by 2030 as well
as a 25 percent share of women in management positions by 2026. The Supervisory
Board has also defined key points with regard to sustainability: the long-term com-
pensation paid to members of the Management Board will be tied to specific ESG
targets, and an ESG Committee has been set up within the Supervisory Board.

These efforts have already been rewarded, as we have improved very significantly

in important ESG ratings in this short time. In a sector comparison, we are now even
ranked in the top third. In the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, for
example, we have improved our score from 18 to 72 points over the last two years.
Nevertheless, we have no intention of resting on our laurels. All companies are facing
increasing requirements from legislators, capital markets and customers. We want to
actively address these - and use it as a competitive advantage for us.

Additional information about Sustainability at ams OSRAM, including our
Sustainability Report, is available on our website.


--- Page 8 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

1. Overview of the economic environment and the past fiscal year

1.1 Development of the semiconductor sector

The war in Ukraine, high inflation rates, and rising interest rates negatively impacted
demand in many end markets in 2022. Although the global semiconductor market
still showed 3% growth last year to USD 574 billion, up from USD 556 billion the year
before, monthly growth rates have been negative since August 2022. Excluding the
very volatile metal oxide semiconductor (MOS) memory market (which fell by 16%),
the semiconductor market grew by 10%. This growth was driven by sensors, MOS.
logic, analog integrated circuits (ICs), and discrete semiconductors, whose growth
rates were well above the 3% market average for the semiconductor sector. Growth
for optoelectronic semiconductors was only 1%, however, down from 7% in the previ-
ous year.

ams OSRAM's most important end markets are the automotive market, consumer
devices such as smartphones and wearables, and industrial and medical technology.
Shipments in the global smartphone market fell by 8% in 2022, following an increase
of 3% in the previous year. In the global wearables market, shipments decreased by
3% (2021: increase of 20%). Auto production, meanwhile, recorded growth of 6% in
2022, following an increase of 3% in the previous year!

1.2 Structure and development of the segments

The business activities of the ams OSRAM group are presented in two segments,
Semiconductors and Lamps & Systems. The business segment Semiconductors
comprises the group's semiconductor-related business in the automotive, consumer,
and industrial and medical technology market areas. The business segment Lamps &
Systems comprises the group's business related to lamps and lighting systems, with
@ focus on the automotive market, and including traditional lighting technologies, as
well as the industrial and medical technology market areas.

Semiconductors

The Semiconductors segment contributed the majority of group revenues last year

from its automotive, consumer, and industrial business areas. The Semiconductors

automotive business is positioned as global leader in automotive LED lighting for a
wide range of exterior and interior lighting applications. This includes differentiated

1 Sources: WSTS, OMDIA, IDC.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

LED solutions for head lamps and other front lighting, signaling/rear lighting and
other exterior lighting, and interior ambient lighting. In addition, the segment’s
automotive business comprises interior sensing, safety systems such as ADAS, and
visualization technologies. High-performance solutions and innovations for exterior
and interior applications form the basis of the group's success and strong customer
penetration in all key regions. The automotive market environment in 2022 was char-
acterized by continued supply chain volatility for most of the year as well as notable
inventory adjustments in automotive supply chains in the second half. In light of

this continued demanding market situation, the segment’s automotive business
recorded solid full-year results for 2022. Overcoming unfavorable market conditions,
the segment’s automotive area confirmed its strong market position last year and
expanded its design pipeline for the future.

The Semiconductors consumer business serves leading global OEMs as a major
supplier of advanced sensing and optical solutions for smartphones, wearables, and
other consumer devices. The business includes solutions for display management,
proximity sensing, world-facing camera enhancement, 3D technologies, spectral

and bio-sensing, and other optical applications. The segment’s consumer business
recorded an overall mixed performance for 2022. At the same time, the group un-
derscored its leading position in key markets, which was evident in positive market
feedback and successful designs for future devices. Although major segments of
the smartphone and consumer market held up welll through most of 2022, a lack of
demand recovery in China and in the Android market from the late first half through
the second half had a negative impact on the Group's consumer markets. The fourth
quarter saw additional negative volume effects in the smartphone market due to
COVID 19-related production cutbacks in China.

The segment's industrial and medical business showed an overall good performance.

In the segment’s industrial area, ams OSRAM’s end markets provided attractive
demand support for a large part of the year. Next to the company’s LED lighting
solutions for industrial and outdoor lighting, industrial imaging offered a healthy
contribution. Demand momentum for horticulture lighting applications remained
positive into the second half of the year. In the fourth quarter, increasingly negative
demand effects driven by the macro-economic environment and regional dynamics
in China as well as higher energy costs impacted the segment’s industrial business
in several areas including horticulture solutions as well as industrial and outdoor
lighting. The Semiconductors medical technology business offered a very solid

Group Financial Statements

performance, largely driven by its leading position in medical imaging solutions for
computed tomography and digital x-ray systems.

Lamps and Systems

The Lamps & Systems (L&S) segment provided the remaining contribution to total
group revenues last year. The automotive business of L&S comprises automotive
lamps and illumination products including traditional automotive lighting technolo-
gies. As a leader in automotive lighting, L&S serves OEMs as well as the automotive
aftermarket in major geographic regions. Like the Semiconductors automotive
business, the L&S automotive business was negatively affected by supply chain im-
balances and inventory adjustments in the global automotive market. Despite these
effects, the L&S automotive business showed a good performance for the year over-
all. The OEM-related business performed well in light of these market developments.
Demand in the automotive aftermarket recorded positive seasonal effects in the
second half, which supported segment results. The other areas of the L&S business
encompass a range of lighting products for diverse industrial, building-related and
medical applications. These areas saw overall solid results last year as demand in a
number of industrial markets, including entertainment, developed positively for most
of the year.

ams OSRAM is nearing the completion of the planned and announced strategic
re-alignment of its business portfolio. As part of this portfolio re-alignment, the
group announced the disposal of four businesses in the L&S segment that belonged
to the former OSRAM Digital (DI) division: Fluence for horticulture lighting systems,
Digital Systems Eurasia for electronic lighting modules and components such as
drivers and ballast, Traxon Technologies for architectural outdoor lighting, and Clay
Paky for entertainment lighting fixtures. The sale transactions for Fluence and Traxon
Technologies were concluded in the second quarter and fourth quarter, respectively.
In addition, the group announced the disposal of the automotive lighting systems
activities that had remained at ams OSRAM after dissolution of the joint venture
with Continental AG. This transaction was concluded in the third quarter of 2022.

In its operations, ams OSRAM was able to ensure high production volumes across
its global manufacturing network, despite supply chain challenges and COVID-19
effects and restrictions in certain regions. The group's protective and risk-reduction

53


--- Page 9 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company Corp. Governance

measures helped ams OSRAM to avoid significant negative impacts from COVID-19
and ensured the health and safety of its employees globally. ams OSRAM's robust
operational infrastructure and its highly committed employees once again played a
key role in managing volatile market and supply chain developments in 2022.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Remuneration Report

2. Business results

2.1 Revenue

Management Report

In fiscal year 2022, consolidated revenue decreased by 4% to EUR 4,819 million,
compared to EUR 5,038 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to portfolio
effects from business disposals of EUR 307 million, i.e. sales that divested business-
es contributed to consolidated revenue in fiscal 2021 and which ceased to exist in
2022. These include in particular the sale of the business with Automotive Lighting
‘Systems (AMLS), Fluence Bioengineering, Inc., Digital Systems (DS) North America,
Connected Building Applications (CBA), and Traxon Technologies. The Semiconduc-
tors segment contributed EUR 3,167 million (2021: EUR 3,279 million), which equates
toa share in sales of 66% (2021: 65%). The Lamps & Systems (L&S) segment con-
tributed EUR 1,652 million (2021: EUR 1,760 million) to consolidated revenue, which
equates to a share in sales of 34% (2021: 35%).

Revenue breakdown by segment

66% Semiconductors

34% Lamps & Systems

in millions of EUR 2022 _% of revenues 2021 %ofrevenues Change in %

Semiconductors 3467 0686 3279 65% 3%

Lamps & Systems 1652 34% 1,760 35% 63%
419 5,038

Group Financial Statements

The breakdown of revenue by region does not reflect the demand situation in the
Company's target markets, but rather the location of the invoice recipient. Revenue
in the Americas region declined due to portfolio effects from business divestments.

Revenue breakdown by region

52% Asia / Pacific 30% EMEA

ae | Cam,

\ 18% Americas

in millions of EUR 2022 _% of revenues 2021 %ofrevenues Change in %

EMEA 1455 30% 1418 28% 3%

“Americas 249 18% 962 19% 12%

‘sia / Pacific 2515 52% 2668 55% 63%
419 5,058

2.2 Earnings

Gross profit decreased to EUR 1,258 million in fiscal year 2022, compared with
EUR 1,449 million in the previous year.

Adjusted for M&A-related expenses, transformation costs, and expense for share-
based compensation, the gross profit margin for the full fiscal year 2022 decreased
to 31%, compared to 34% in the previous year. The unadjusted gross profit margin
reported in accordance with IFRS fell to 26%, compared to 29% in the previous
year. The change in margin was influenced by lower capacity utilization at our

54


--- Page 10 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

semiconductor plants as compared with the previous year. In the year under review,
the gross profit margin was further burdened by impairment losses on property,
plant, and equipment in the amount of EUR 97 million, which were incurred as a re-
sult of reorganizing our manufacturing sites. In the previous year, impairment losses
on property, plant, and equipment of EUR 151 million were recognized in connection
with the loss of market share for certain consumer applications.

Expressed as a percentage of revenue, research and development expenses de-
creased to 13%, down from 14% in the previous year. The absolute amount decreased
to EUR 630 million, down from EUR 692 million in the previous year. The long-term
target for research and development expenses is 11-14% of revenue.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased to EUR 608 million, down
from EUR 697 million in the previous year due to the reduction in the number of
employees. Expressed as a percentage of revenue, they fell from 14% to 13%.

The result from operations (EBIT), adjusted for M&A-related expenses, transforma-
tion costs, expense for share-based compensation, and the result from investments
in associates and from the sale of businesses, decreased by EUR 95 million year-on-
year to EUR 407 million. Unadjusted EBIT decreased by EUR 358 million to EUR -161
million. In fiscal year 2022, M&A-related expenses and transformation costs included
in particular impairment losses on goodwill of EUR 287 million and on other intan-
gible assets and property, plant and equipment totaling EUR 143 million. A positive
one-off effect of EUR 151 million was realized from the sale of Fluence Bioengi-
neering, Inc. In fiscal year 2021, transformation costs included impairment losses
on property, plant, and equipment totaling EUR 151 million. Positive one-off effects
totaling EUR 191 million were recognized in fiscal year 2021 in connection with the
liquidation of OSRAM Continental, the appreciation in the carrying amount of Led-
darTech Inc,, and with respect to the sale-and-leaseback transaction concerning a
property in Berlin.

EBITDA amounted to EUR 857 million, compared with EUR 957 million in the previ-
ous year. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by EUR 105 million year-on-year to EUR 853
million. Adjusted EBITDA is further adjusted for M&A and transformation-related
depreciation, amortization, and impairment losses in addition to the effects adjusted
in EBIT.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

The net financial result remained almost unchanged at EUR -201 million in the year
under review, compared to EUR -198 million in the previous year. Higher interest
expenses, particularly due to the greater use of supply chaiin financing programs
than in the previous year, combined with a higher interest rate level, were half offset
by higher interest income. Negative currency translation effects in the previous year
were EUR 70 million, compared to positive currency effects of EUR 2 million in the
year under review. Accordingly, income from derivatives, which are mainly foreign
currency derivatives for hedging purposes, was lower in the year under review,

at EUR 8 million, than in the previous year, at EUR 32 million. A negative effect of
EUR 25 million resulted from the valuation of an option for the early redemption of
bonds (senior notes), which had no positive fair value as of December 31, 2022.

Income tax expense increased to EUR 82 million in fiscal year 2022, up from

EUR 31 million in the previous year. The current taxes for the year under review of
EUR 84 million (2021: EUR 48 million) resulted mainly from foreign companies that
were profitable due to the global transfer pricing system and includes one-off tax
expenses of EUR 32 from the disposal of Fluence Bioengineering, Inc. The current
taxes were offset by deferred taxes with a net positive effect totaling EUR 2 million
(2021: EUR 17 million).

In 2022, the net result amounted to EUR -444 million, compared to EUR -32 million
in the previous year. As described above, this development was partly caused by
non-recurring one-off effects, in particular impairment losses on goodwill and
property, plant, and equipment. The return on equity was -16% (2021: -1%), while the
return on revenue was -9% (2021: -1%).

Group Financial Statements

in millions of EUR 2022 Change in %
Gross profit 1,258 “13%
(Gross margin — IFRS reported 26% 29%

(Gross margin - adjusted 31% 34%

EBITDA (IFRS) 857 957 10%
EBITDA - adjusted 253 958 “11%
Result from operations (EBIT) - IFRS reported “161 197 “182%
EBIT margin - IFRS reported 3% 4%

Result from operations (EBIT) - adjusted 407 502 199%
EBIT margin - adjusted 2% 10%

Financial result 201 1%
Result before income taxes 361

Net result “aaa 3

Return on equity 163% 1%

Return on revenues 9% “1%

The gross margin (adjusted) is based on gross profit adjusted for M&A-related
expenses, transformation costs, and expense for share-based compensation.

The result from operations (EBIT, adjusted) and EBIT margin (adjusted) are addi-
tionally adjusted for the result from investments in associates and from the sale of a
business, which are included in the result from operations (EBIT, IFRS).

EBITDA (adjusted) is derived from EBIT (adjusted) by adding non-M&<A and transfor-
mation-related depreciation, amortization and impairment losses.

MGA-related expenses include depreciation, amortization and impairment losses on
assets from purchase price allocations, as well as integration, carve-out, and acqui-
sition costs. Transformation costs result mainly from measures needed to strengthen
our competitiveness (changes to manufacturing capacity, improvement of cost posi-
tion, etc).

+ 2021 figures reflect the reclassification within the functional cost categories, see Note 1
‘General principles in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 11 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Reconciliation of adjusted financial figures to the financial figures reported in accor-
dance with IFRS:

Corp. Governance

2021,

in millions of EUR 2022 _reclassified*
Gross profit - adjusted 1,470 ana
‘Acquistion-related expense / Asset restructuring 184) 258
‘Share-based compensation 2 2
Transformation costs 25 24
(Gross profit ~ IFRS reported 1258 1449
Operating expenses - adjusted =1,063 “1201
‘Acquistion-related expense / Asset restructuring 42 4
Share-based compensation 38 “aL
Result from the sole of businesses 155 162
Transformation costs 48 36
Results from investments accounted for using the equity method,

net “4 “33
Operating expenses - IFRS reported “1419 “4252
Result from operations (EBIT) - adjusted 407 502
‘Acquistion-related expense / Asset restructuring 605 180)
Share-based compensation 40 “3
Transformation costs a 9
Result from the sole of businesses 155 162
Result from investments in associates 4 3
Result from operations (EBIT) - IFRS reported 161 197
Result from operations (EBIT) - adjusted 407 502
‘Amortization, depreciation and impairment (excluding acquisi-

tion-related expense) 446 456
EBITDA - adjusted 855 958

* 2021 figures reflect the reclassification within the functional cost categories, see Note 1
General principles in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Remuneration Report Management Report

2.3 Assets and financial position

The balance sheet has a high ratio of non-current assets to total assets, which is
common in the semiconductor industry. At the same time, the intangible assets
reflect the significant acquisitions carried out in recent years. At 62%, the proportion
of total assets accounted for by property, plant, and equipment and by intangible
assets was slightly higher than the prior-year figure of 58%.

Capital expenditure on non-current assets (CAPEX) amounted to EUR 537 million,
or 11% of revenue (2021: 6%). Depreciation, amortization and impairments of

EUR 1,018 million included scheduled amortization and depreciation totaling

EUR 446 million (2021: EUR 456 million), i.e. amortization and depreciation that
were not M&A and transformation-related. The ratio of non-current assets to equity
decreased to around 52% at the end of fiscal year 2022, compared to 56% in the
previous year. Non-current assets include deferred tax assets of EUR 69 million
(2021: EUR 182 million).

Inventories decreased to EUR 864 million, down from EUR 938 million in the previous
year, in particular due to reclassifications in the balance sheet item assets held for
sale in the amount of EUR 81 million.

Trade receivables decreased to EUR 533 million as of the balance sheet date (2021:
EUR 688 million), in particular because supply chain financing programs were utilized
to a greater extent as of December 31, 2022 than at the end of the previous fiscal
year. Another significant effect was the disposal of receivables due to the sale of our
AMLS division.

Assets held for sale amounted to EUR 157 million and include the assets of the Dig
tal Systems (DS) business in Europe and Asia and of Clay Paky S.p.A., as well as the
investments in Unternehmertum VC Fonds II GmbH & Co. KG and Partech Partners
SAS. The EUR 134 million in assets held for sale as of December 31, 2021 were the
assets of Fluence Bioengineering, Inc., which were sold to Signify N\V, the Nether-
lands, at the beginning of May 2022.

The increase in property, plant, and equipment to EUR 1,856 million (2021:
EUR 1,606 million) is mainly due to the construction of the new semiconductor
manufacturing plant in Kulim (Malaysia). The carrying amount of assets under

Group Financial Statements

construction and advance payments on property, plant, and equipment increased
by EUR 391 million to EUR 609 million (2021: EUR 218 million), which was offset by
impairment losses on property, plant, and equipment and reclassifications in assets
held for sale. Intangible assets amounted to EUR 3,645 million (2021: EUR 3,989 mil-
lion). The change resulted mainly from the scheduled amortization of assets cap-
italized in connection with the acquisition of OSRAM and from impairment losses,
particularly on goodwill, amounting to EUR 277 million, as well as from disposals due
to the above-mentioned business divestments.

The decrease in the financial investments line item to EUR 59 million (2021:
EUR 147 million) was mainly due to the change in the value of the investment in
LeddarTech Inc., which was recognized directly in equity.

Financial liabilities decreased by EUR 323 million (2021: EUR 177 million) to EUR 2,803
million (2021: EUR 3,126 million), mainly due to the full repayment of the USD con-
vertible bond, the carrying amount of which was EUR 276 million as of December 31,
2021. Further repayments related to bank loans of EUR 72 million and promissory
note loans of EUR 31 million. This was mainly offset by compounding and currency
effects. As financial debt, which decreased by EUR 323 million, decreased more than
cash and cash equivalents, which decreased by EUR 244 million, net financial debt
decreased to EUR 1,717 million, down from EUR 1,795 million in the previous year.

Group equity decreased by EUR 316 million to EUR 2,833 million as of Decem-

ber 31, 2022. This change mainly consists of the result after tax of EUR -444 million
and positive other comprehensive income totaling EUR 90 million, which includes
currency effects from the Euro translation of foreign subsidiaries of EUR 165 million
that arose as a result of the depreciation of the Euro against other currencies,
particular the US-Dollar.

Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale amounted to EUR 50 mil-
lion and include the liabilities of the Digital Systems (DS) business in Europe and
Asia, and of Clay Paky S.p.A. The liabilities of EUR 40 million reported in this item as
of December 31, 2021, related to Fluence Bioengineering, Inc.

For information on financial instruments and changes in equity, please refer to the
disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements,

56


--- Page 12 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Corp. Governance

Assets Equity and liabilities
in millions of EUR 2022 2021 in millions of EUR 20222021
Interest-bearing loans
Inventories 864988 «and borrowings 28035126
Trade receivables 535688 Trade liabities au 710
Other current assets 14871656 Other liabilities 1904 2,103
Non-current assets 5879 6180 Provisions 480556
Deferred tax asset 9 tee Shareholders’ equity 2858 5,150
Total assets 3852 9,644 Total equity and tiabil 3852 9,644

The debt to equity ratio was 99%, as in the previous year, and the equity ratio was
32% (2021: 33%).

2022 2021
Equity ratio 32% 33%
Debt to equity ratio 99% 39%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 52% 56%
Net debt 1707 15795

These performance indicators are derived directly from the consolidated financial
statements.

2.4 Cash Flow

Cash flows from operating activities decreased to EUR 599 million, down from

EUR 792 million in 2021. This was due to the development of earnings adjusted for
non-cash items and the commitment of funds regarding current assets and liabilities
of EUR 44 million. In 2021, funds of EUR 57 million were released in that context.

Cash flows from investing activities amounted to EUR -183 million

(2021: EUR -560 million). Investments in intangible assets and property, plant, and
equipment amounted to EUR -537 million (2021: EUR -310 million), of which a large
part is attributable to the construction of the new semiconductor manufacturing
plant in Kulim (Malaysia).

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Remuneration Report Management Report

Cash payments for acquisitions amounted to EUR -25 million (2021: EUR -524 mil-
lion). Of that amount, EUR 7 million related to the acquisition of a further 70% of the
shares in 7Sensing Software BV, Belgium (7Sensing), which became a subsidiary of
ams OSRAM as a result. In addition, payments of EUR 19 million (2021: EUR 452 mil-
lion) were made for the acquisition of shares in OSRAM Licht AG. Accordingly,

the interest held by ams-OSRAM AG in OSRAM Licht AG increased from 79.91% to
80.35% as of December 31, 2022. Furthermore, fiscal year 2021 included payments
of EUR 72 million for the acquisition of 50% of the shares in OSRAM CONTINENTAL
GmbH in connection with the dissolution of OSRAM Continental.

The net cash provided by the sale of business activities amounted to EUR 346 million
(2021: EUR 277 million), of which EUR 251 million was attributable to Fluence Bioengi-
neering Inc., EUR 85 million to Automotive Lighting Systems (AMLS), and EUR 10 mil-
lion to Traxon Technologies (Traxon). In fiscal year 2021, a significant sum within this
figure, EUR 144 million, related to the sale of companies to Continental.

Free cash flow came to EUR 62 million (2021: EUR 482 million). The Company's avail-
able liquidity in the form of cash and cash equivalents decreased by EUR 244 million
to EUR 1,087 million in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, ams OSRAM had unused
committed credit lines from banks in the amount of EUR 1,026 million (2021:

EUR 1,001 million). In fiscal year 2022, a prepayment agreement related to future
deliveries underpinning existing engagement was concluded. When such customer
prepayments are utilized, the unused credit lines from banks are reduced based

on contractual security agreements in the form of bank guarantees. As of Decem-
ber 31, 2022, no customer prepayments were utilized

Cash flows from financing activities amounted to EUR -726 million in the year under
review (2021: EUR -534 million). In fiscal year 2022, maturing convertible bonds with
@ remaining nominal volume of USD 320 million were redeemed as scheduled, which
resulted in a cash outflow of EUR 334 million. In fiscal year 2021, convertible bonds
with a nominal volume of EUR 77 million were repurchased at a purchase price of
EUR 67 million and thereby redeemed. The repayment of bank loans and promissory
note loans, which were only partially refinanced by taking out new loans, led to a net
cash outflow of EUR 102 million in 2022, and EUR 190 million in 2021.

Group Financial Statements

in millions of EUR 2022 2021 Change in %
(Operating cash flow 599 72 24%
Cash fiow from investing activities 185 “560 “07%
Free cash flow 2 482 “87%
Cash fiow from financing activities “726 334 36%
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash

and cash equivatents 69 38 111%
‘Cash and cash equivalents 1087 1351 “189%

Free cash flow comprises the cash flows from the operating activities of continuing
operations less cash payments for the purchase of intangible assets and property,
plant, and equipment,


--- Page 13 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

3. Research and development

Our development sites are globally positioned, with LED development in Germany
‘and Malaysia, VCSEL technology in the US and Singapore, packaging development
in Malaysia, China, Singapore, and Germany, micro-optics in Switzerland and Singa-
pore, the development of conversion solutions, optical coatings and filter solutions,
image and color sensor technology in the US, Germany and Austria, and IC design
and development in India, the US, Italy, Spain, Austria, and Switzerland. This global
network and associated leading expertise give ams OSRAM a strategic advantage.

ams OSRAM's technological leadership in the development and manufacturing
of high-quality sensing and lighting technologies for use in products such as mo-
bile devices, automotive lighting, industrial applications, and medical diagnostic
technology is based on intensive research and development activities. To secure
and strengthen our leadership position, we invest significantly in research and
development (R&D) on a continuing basis. Research and development expenses in
the past fiscal year amounted to EUR 630 million, or 13% of revenues, compared
to EUR 642 million (13% of revenues) in 2021. The average number of employees in
research and development was 3,453 in 2022 (2021: 3,445).

ams OSRAM's R&D activities mainly comprise optical technologies for applications
involving sensors, lighting, and visualization. Our broad technology portfolio serves
the consumer, automotive, industrial, and medical end markets. Furthermore, the
development of software and algorithms and the integration of machine learning
and artificial intelligence are now an integral part of ams OSRAM's R&D activities.
In addition, the combination of individual hardware components into modules and
systems with differentiating software solutions represents an important element of
our product development.

One current focus of development is micro LED technology, which is characterized
by microscopically small LEDs that form individual light points/pixels and can be
combined to form high-resolution displays. Future areas of application include tele-
visions, automotive head-up displays, and wearables. In particular, the technology
allows for more vibrant colors, a high contrast ratio, improved display performance
in unfavorable lighting conditions, and lower relative energy consumption for im-
proved efficiency,

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

Our LED product portfolio was expanded in 2022 to include various new products,
some of which are listed here as examples. Intelligent RGB LED solutions for dynam-
ic automotive interior lighting open up countless design possibilities for automotive
manufacturers. A new high-performance infrared edge emitter laser diode in surface
mount technology (SMT) complements our LIDAR portfolio for automotive sensors.
ams OSRAM has also introduced highly efficient, high-power UV-C LEDs to the
market for the disinfection of air, surfaces, and water. In addition, our LED portfolio
for uniform and efficient crop lighting has been expanded to support new applica-
tions in agricultural crop production. In consumer applications, ams OSRAM has
introduced new solutions for display management and ambient light measurement,
including behind-display technology and infrared LED lighting for 2D authentication.

‘ams OSRAM is a market and technology leader in optical sensors, high performance
ambient lighting, and color sensors, the core elements of which are highly sensi-

tive photodiodes that are fully integrated in CMOS ICs. These are combined with
other components, such as optical filters and diffusers manufactured in a thin-film
process. The combination of high-sensitivity photodiodes with hybrid optical filter
technologies and chip-scale packaging solutions supports smartphone, wearable,
and automotive applications. Thanks to the latest optical packaging technologies,
the sensors meet performance and robustness requirements for the latest consumer
applications, such as augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) data glasses.
Improved sensor technologies and optical coatings extend the wavelength range

of multispectral sensors, allowing for products for material analysis, as well as
products where eye protection is required (e.g. in AR/VR). The new image sensors
combine high performance with low power consumption and offer more flexibility to
manufacturers of products with limited installation sizes. In medical imaging, ams
OSRAM's fast and ultra-low-noise sensor solutions provide unprecedented image
quality and reduced radiation exposure. They also form the basis of upcoming
photon-counting technology, which will enable even greater resolution in computed
tomography.

Group Financial Statements

Close strategic coordination between our business units, strategy department,

and the CTO ensures continuous improvement of our innovation processes and
determines our strategic decisions on technology and product development. Collab-
oration takes place, for example, through research programs such as those funded
by the European Commission as well as local funding programs around the world.
For example, the CAVIAR project, co-funded by the EU and involving nine partners,
received the PENTA Innovation Award in 2022. The CAVIAR project developed sensor
components and technologies for CMOS image sensors. As part of our approach to
working with strategic partners, ams OSRAM also collaborates globally with leading
research institutes, universities and other companies.

The creation, maintenance, enforcement and use of patents, trademarks, and other
intellectual property rights is an important aspect of our strategy to differentiate
ourselves in the marketplace and to protect and monetize our R&D investments. Our
global patent portfolio comprises around 15,000 patents and patent applications
(2021: 15,000 patents and patent applications), corresponding to approximately
5,700 patent families (2021: 5,800 patent families).

58


--- Page 14 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

4. Purchasing and manufacturing

Continuing imbalances in the semiconductor and other supply chains continued to
affect the procurement situation in fiscal 2022, and were exacerbated by lockdown
effects in Asia, Despite overall cost savings achieved through price negotiations and
productivity projects, it was not possible to fully compensate for price increases with
respect to contract manufacturers and particularly for electricity, precious metal,
and industrial gas prices.

As of December 31, 2022, the ams OSRAM Group had 20 production sites worldwide,
excluding the Clay Paky production site, which is reported as an asset held for sale
‘on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Group
had 23 production sites, excluding the Fluence production site, which was reported
as an asset held for sale on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. In addition
to Clay Paky, the decrease resulted from the disposal of AMLS plants in Hender-
sonville (Tennessee, USA) and Kunshan (China). Production sites are located in
Premstaetten (Austria), Regensburg and Herbrechtingen (both in Germany), Singa-
pore, Wuxi (China), Penang and Kulim (both in Malaysia), Antwerp (Belgium), Nové
Zamky (Slovakia), Treviso (Italy), Hillsboro (New Hampshire, USA), Calamba City (in
the Philippines), and elsewhere. Of the three existing plants located in Singapore,
one plant in the Woodlands district was closed in fiscal year 2022.

Capacity utilization at our semiconductor plants was lower than in the previous
year, following the sales trend in corresponding end markets, particularly during the
second half of the year. CMOS manufacturing in Premstaetten showed improved
capacity utilization compared with the previous year, however. Our most important
investments in manufacturing in 2022 included starting the construction of the in-
dustry's first 8-inch LED manufacturing facility in Kulim for front-end semiconductor
manufacturing of LEDs and micro LEDs. ams OSRAM also plans to expand its plant
in Premstaetten (Austria) to increase internal CMOS capacity. The move should
provide better opportunities for ams OSRAM to respond faster and more flexibly to
increased demand and reduce the risk of dependence on external producers, allow-
ing us to strengthen our manufacturing processes and improve profitability over the
long term.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

5. Employees

Our employees form the foundation for our long-term business success and create
the added value ams OSRAM wants to offer its customers. It is important to us to
offer our employees a long-term job with appealing working conditions and pros-
pects, to contribute to their development, and to pay them fairly. Furthermore, as a
globally active company, the diversity of our employees is a major concern for us. AS
of December 31, 2022, ams OSRAM Group had 22,461 employees (2021: 24,499). The
average number of employees for the year was 23,322 (2021: 26,130), based on FTEs
(full-time equivalents).

At ams OSRAM, we are aware of our responsibility as an important employer in the
regions where we operate. Accordingly, we continued to offer comprehensive internal
and external training and development opportunities for all of our employee groups
during the past year, in addition to providing training positions for apprentices.

We seek to retain our employees by offering a long-term compensation concept. A
profit-sharing program for all ams OSRAM employees adds an attractive direct com-
ponent to our existing stock option plans and employee compensation programs.
Our profit-sharing program embodies the belief that our employees are the most
important factor in the success of our company by rewarding the joint contribution
of all of our employees to ams OSRAM's success.

Based upon earnings performance in the previous fiscal year, a profit-sharing bonus
was paid to employees in the amount of EUR 16 million in 2022 (2021: EUR 19 mil-
lion). The amount of the bonus is determined on the basis of adjusted earnings after
tax.

In addition, active internal corporate and employee communication, as well as a
long-standing company tradition of regular employee events, promote employee
identification with our company. Such events include, for example, town hall meet-
ings or webcasts given by our Management Board and other management represen-
tatives. To obtain continuous feedback from employees in addition to such dialogue
events, a global employee survey was held in 2022 in which 78% of our workforce
participated. The insights gained from the survey will be used as a basis for develop-
ing measures that will further increase ams OSRAM’s attractiveness as an employer.

Group Financial Statements

6. Environmental management

As an industrial company, ams OSRAM consumes natural resources and creates
greenhouse gas emissions at its production facilities. In order to meet our environ-
mental responsibilities, we have committed to conserving resources through envi-
ronmental management, as well as developing innovative and energy-efficient prod-
ucts. As a first step, we have also created a climate strategy that aims to achieve
C02 neutrality in our own value creation by 2030. As part of our environmental
reporting, we collect data on energy consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, water
abstraction, and waste generation.

The ways in which we implement environmental management and address other
aspects of sustainability are described in a separate sustainability report, which can
be found here. In addition to describing our organizational structure, responsibilities,
guidelines and processes, the report also explains the specific goals, measures, and
results relating to all topics of importance to ams OSRAM.

59


--- Page 15 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

7. Subsidiaries and investments

As the parent company of the ams OSRAM Group, ams-OSRAM AG had 99 subsid-
iaries in 40 countries as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 117 subsidiaries
in 43 countries). The decrease resulted both from disposals (AMLS companies and
Fluence Bioengineering Inc.) and from company mergers. As a result of the complete
acquisition of 7Sensing Software BY, it was fully consolidated as a subsidiary for the
first time in fiscal year 2022. In addition, ams-OSRAM AG held direct or indirect in-

terests in 26 companies as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: 33 companies).

As of December 31, 2022, ams-OSRAM AG held 80.35% (2021: 79.91%) of the out-
standing shares in OSRAM Licht AG. OSRAM Licht AG directly or indirectly holds
100% of the shares in all fully consolidated OSRAM companies, with the exception of
OSRAM China Lighting Ltd,, in which it holds only 90% of the shares.

Significant associates and other investments:
As of December 31, 2022, significant associates for ams OSRAM that are accounted
for using the equity method particularly included the following:

Corp. Governance

Name of holding ‘Country of incorporation ‘Ownership interest

Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor Co, Ltd. China 49.00%
Sciosense Holding BV Netherlands 45.22%
Bolb Inc. usa 20.38%

Bolb Inc. is a manufacturer of high-efficiency ultraviolet C-band (UV-C) light-emit-
ting LEDs. Research collaboration between our two companies is expected to accel-
erate the industrialization of highly efficient, high-performance UV-C LEDs.

Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor Co. Ltd. is a holding company for a provider of environ-

mental sensors and high-performance flow sensing systems. Sciosense Holding BY.
is a direct subsidiary of Jinan Smart Sensing Sensor Co. Ltd.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Remuneration Report Management Report

As of December 31, 2022, significant investments for ams OSRAM that are account-
ed for at fair value particularly included the following

Name of holding Country of incorporation ‘Ownership interest
LeddarTech Ine Canada 19.20%
Recogri, Inc. USA 5.35%
SILC Technologies Ine USA 4.86%

Group Financial Statements

8. Risk management

Main features of the accounting-related internal control system
The internal control system, which has been adapted in the context of integration
into the ams OSRAM Group, is being implemented in the course of the harmoniza-
tion of processes and IT systems at the Company as a whole. In this respect, ams
OSRAM made further progress as planned in fiscal year 2022, and thus the process
is now almost completed. We are also continuously refining our internal control sys-
tem in order to meet all requirements.

The overarching goal of our accounting-related internal control system is to ensure
the correctness of financial reporting in the annual and consolidated financial state-
ments. The system consists of preventive and detective controls, which aim to ensure
that group-wide standards for accounting, valuation, and account assignment are
continuously updated and maintained. It aims to ensure that transactions can be
completely recorded, that group-internal transactions are appropriately eliminated,
and that processes and rules are established for the separation of functions and for
observing the principle of dual control when preparing the financial statements. It
also aims to ensure that individual access authorizations for accounting-related IT
systems are in place.

The effectiveness of the internal control system is reviewed on an annual basis. The
relevant internal controls are adjusted if necessary to eliminate any detected areas
of weakness. The internal audit function of ams OSRAM uses continuous and group-
wide audits to ensure compliance with group-wide guidelines as well as the reliability
and functionality of the control system,

The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board oversees the accounting process
and the effectiveness of the control system. It is also responsible for auditing the
documents for the individual financial statements of ams-OSRAM AG and the con-
solidated financial statements, and it discusses the individual financial statements
of ams-OSRAM AG, the consolidated financial statements, and the combined man-
agement report with the Management Board and the auditor. The Supervisory Board
also examines the sustainability report of the ams OSRAM Group, which is prepared
on a voluntary basis.

60


--- Page 16 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) System

ams OSRAM practices systematic risk management to identify, assess, and control
risks. Risks that could endanger the continued existence of the ams OSRAM Group or
the achievement of our strategic, operational, financial, and compliance objectives
can therefore be identified at an early state and risk-limiting measures initiated. We
are continuously refining our risk management system in order to meet changing
internal and external requirements.

The central office for risk management coordinates the risk management process
and risk reporting. Responsibility for the identification, assessment, reporting, and
management of significant risks is borne by management at the level of the central
units and the business units.

Semi-annual meetings are held with management to assess any material risks iden-
tified. In these meetings, the reported risks are assessed uniformly based upon their
effects on our business activity and their probability of occurrence. ams OSRAM's
assessments follow the net principle, in which we assess risks in light of previously
initiated effective actions.

Non-financial risks, such as transitory and physical climate risks, are also included in
the ERM process and are qualitatively assessed using the aforementioned method. If
this assessment shows significant risks for the Group, the risks are reported as part
of the subsequent risk reporting.

At ams OSRAM, the enterprise risk management system is a part of the interrelated
processes and systems used for managing the Company. In this system, strategic
business planning, controlling, and reporting provide detailed information about the
Company's performance. Although enterprise risk management focuses primarily on
systematically addressing risks to the Company, business opportunities that arise
and the means to achieve them form the core of the strategy, planning, and con-
trolling process.

Regular reports on significant risks to the Company are submitted to the Manage-
ment Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board on a semiannual
basis and are supplemented by ad hoc reports as necessary. This ensures that

the Management Board and the Supervisory Board receive complete and timely
information on significant risks to the Company. The Management Board of the

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

‘ams OSRAM Group determines whether risks, either individually or in their entirety,
represent an existential threat and establish that there is no substantial threat to the
going concern. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board monitors the effec-
tiveness of this system,

The following section provides a description of the significant risks for the ams
OSRAM Group, which could have particularly negative effects overall on our business
activity as well as the results of operations, net assets, and financial position. Based
upon the individual development of the two risks reported in the prior year, ‘Risk of
failure to achieve strategic objectives in connection with the OSRAM Group merger’
and Material shortages’, as well as the current assessment of their effects, these
risks are classified as no longer particularly negative and are therefore no longer
part of the following report. The first reason for this is that the cost synergies and
the sale of portions of the Company will foreseeably be implemented as planned.
Secondly, the COVID-19 pandemic is having a less negative effect on ams OSRAM's
supply chain, Because of their increasing importance, the following report will also
cover the risks > Geopolitical risks ~ Russia and China as well as >» Manpower short-
ages and the loss of skilled employees.

Strategic risks

Competition for the introduction of new technologies
The ams OSRAM Group operates in a high-tech industry with a strong focus on tech-
nologically advanced applications and relatively short product life cycles. There is a
risk that disruptive technologies could quickly become market-ready. Competitors
could also introduce alternative products or technologies that are more cost-effec-
tive, of higher quality, possess greater functionality, or are more competitive for
other reasons. There is also the risk that changes in market and customer require
ments are not or cannot be considered early enough and to a sufficient extent. In
the case of the introduction of new technologies, such as micro-LED technology,
there are also uncertainties as to when and to what extent sales will be generated
from the products based on these new technologies. It is also possible that the ac-
tual adoption of new and highly innovative technologies by the markets will deviate
from expectations. This entails the risk that investments already made in research
and development or in fixed assets could be recovered through sales at another

Group Financial Statements

point of time or may not be sufficiently recouped through revenues. Most notably,
this could also prevent the sufficient utilization of newly built production capacities
and thereby reduce the profitability of the entire Group.

‘ams OSRAM must therefore develop innovative and differentiated technologies for
products that can be manufactured competitively in terms of technology and cost
for the right applications and markets and make them market-ready in a timely
manner. The future success of ams OSRAM also depends upon whether its internally
developed intellectual property can be sufficiently protected and profitably utilized.
Failure to do so may endanger the future growth and competitiveness of the entire
Group. It may lead to a rapid decline in market share in established areas of busi-
ness or failure to achieve growth objectives in new fields of technology. Investments
already made in research and development could not be recouped through revenues,
which would reduce the profitability of the entire Group.

‘ams OSRAM counters these risks with specific measures. Potential new fields of
technology are monitored and the results of these observations are thoroughly con-
sidered in our strategic planning. Technological expertise that will be necessary in
the future is incorporated into the technology roadmap for the respective business
segments at an early stage. The technology roadmap is an integral part of medium
and long-term strategic planning. ams OSRAM has also further reinforced a team
that performs market analyses and reviews areas of technology as well as research
and development plans on a regular basis, so that these areas can be focused on
more sharply if needed. A newly established committee closely monitors the most
important areas of application for new technologies. Risk management for the most
important innovation projects has been further intensified, In addition, we are work-
ing to optimize the efficiency of our operational product development processes.

Macroeconomic effects as well as volatile and cyclical market developments
Following the COVID-19 pandemic's severe effects on macroeconomic performance
in fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the incipient global economic recovery in fiscal year
2022 was severely impeded by the Chinese government's zero-COVID policy and the
war in Ukraine. In the opinion of ams OSRAM, there are still enormous uncertainties
with respect to the global macroeconomic situation, and these might continue to
grow in the future.

61


--- Page 17 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Other factors, such as the emergence of new geopolitical conflicts or the intensifi-
cation of existing conflicts > Geopolitical risks - Russia and China could also have a
negative effect on global economic performance.

Supply chain disruptions caused by the pandemic, which continue even though they
are clearly in decline, and above all the war in Ukraine with its associated sanctions
and supply restrictions led to a further significant rise in inflation in 2022. As a
consequence and a countermeasure, a number of central banks, including the Euro-
pean Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve, increased base rates substantially
at times and adjusted their previously expansive monetary policies. This led to a
tangible weakening of economic activity and more negative economic forecasts for
2023 in the course of fiscal year 2022. It remains to be seen how many interest rate
increases by the central banks will be necessary to curb inflation. There is a risk that
economic growth will weaken more than previously assumed. It is therefore possible
that global economic performance, as well as performance in relevant regional sub-
markets, will be poorer than forecast in the current plans for fiscal year 2023.

The overcast economic climate could cause end customer demand for technologi-
cally advanced consumer products and automobiles to decline more strongly than
anticipated in our plans. This could also have negative effects on the demand for
semiconductor-based technologies such as sensors, LEDs or optical solutions, and
could cause customers to make short-term adjustments of their purchase quantities.
In addition to the revenue risk, this also creates a cost risk for ams OSRAM due to
fluctuations in capacity utilization of our own production and potentially increased
inventories. Inflation-related price increases could also have an effect on relevant
procurement markets for ams OSRAM. Economic trends could also cause individual
countries and regions to experience significant increases in wages and salaries,
which could lead to a higher than expected increase in personnel costs.

We continuously monitor appropriate early warning indicators and incorporate them
into continuously improved market models that enable us to develop and regularly
adapt effective response strategies. We take appropriate proactive measures where
needed to safeguard the generation of profits and financial resources. We precisely
monitor our inventory levels and structures and have installed a strict receivables
management system. Investments are also rescheduled and reduced to the extent
possible.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

We also conduct regular reviews of our value chains, ie., our global and regional
presence and the relevant processes. With these measures, we strive to achieve cost
savings and operational improvements that will enable ams OSRAM to secure its
profitability, even in unfavorable economic conditions.

Geopolitical risks - Russia and China
The geopolitical situation is currently dominated by the war in Ukraine. There could
also be a further escalation in China's claims of sovereignty over Taiwan and there-
fore an increased decoupling of the relationship between the USA and China.

These risks could have direct effects on ams OSRAM's existing procurement and
sales markets, as well as indirect consequences due to changing macroeconomic
conditions

A possible geographical expansion of the war in Ukraine, including the NATO coun-
tries, could have serious consequences on the macroeconomic environment and

also on the market environment of ams OSRAM. Even a continuation of the current
military conflict entails significant risks, however. Possible bottlenecks in energy sup-
plies could lead to energy rationing as well as a further increase in the already high
level of inflation, which could result in new monetary policy responses by the central
banks and further weakening of the business environment. The consequences of this
development could increase the risks described under > Macroeconomic effects, >
Business interruption, > Financial risk, and > Dependence on suppliers, and the reali-
zation of such risks could have negative effects on the results of operations, financial
position, and net assets of the ams OSRAM Group. ams OSRAM‘s business could also
suffer from increasing protectionism and the expansion of trade barriers caused by
political conflicts between individual countries. First and foremost, an increase in the
political tensions between the USA and China could impair the trade relationships

of both nations’ economies - which are also important for ams OSRAM's business

- and could lead to further restrictions. Such restrictions could notably also have an
effect on sales volume and procurement by ams OSRAM in both markets. Customers
and suppliers of ams OSRAM could also be directly impacted by the effects of the
geopolitical conflicts. On the other hand, the indirect consequences, such as those
described under > Macroeconomic effects and volatile as well as cyclical market
developments, could also have an impact on sales and procurement markets.

Group Financial Statements

‘ams OSRAM is monitoring developments very closely so that it can react in a rapid
and prepared manner to any changes in business conditions. Geopolitical devel-
opments are also playing an increasingly important role in upcoming investment
decisions.

Competitive environment

Competitive pressure in the semiconductor industry continues to be generally high
due to the large number of existing competitors and new market participants. Be-
cause of the semiconductor shortage, made particularly severe over the past few
years by the COVID-19 pandemic, worldwide expansions of production capacity are
currently being implemented, some with substantial government subsidies.

Given the drop in demand for semiconductor products caused by the overcast eco-
nomic climate and the existing risk of further deterioration of economic conditions
described under > Macroeconomic effects as well as volatile and cyclical market
developments, there is the risk that manufacturers such as ams OSRAM will have to
differentiate themselves by price to a greater extent than expected in order to fully
utilize their production capacity. This increased price competition could negatively
influence the achievement of our objectives in terms of both profitability and market
share.

‘ams OSRAM continuously monitors and analyzes its competitive environment. In ad-
dition, we regularly review additional productivity enhancement and cost reduction
measures, including the consolidation of production capacities. ams OSRAM also
focuses on targeted research and development expenditures that allow us to differ-
entiate our products through technological advances, thereby ensuring the profit-
able utilization of existing capacities. Through these efforts, we can also counteract
the risk described under > Competition for the introduction of new technologies.

We also regularly review the effectiveness of our channels of distribution.

62


--- Page 18 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Operational risks

Customer concentration

If a disproportionately high percentage of the ams OSRAM Group's revenue and
profit is earned from individual customers, the Company's business success or
market share could become dependent upon these individual customers’ market
share or business success. If these customers cannot be contractually committed
to minimum order quantities, customer order quantities may be reduced and or-
ders may be delayed or canceled. In such a case, it may be impossible to recoup
through revenues the investments already made in research and development or to
sufficiently utilize customer-specific production capacities. This would reduce the
profitability of the entire Group. There is also the risk that customer-specific product
adaptations for significant orders from key accounts could lead to higher develop-
ment costs and higher production costs in serial production, and that the additional
costs thereby incurred could not be adequately compensated, for example through
price adjustments. Thus, there is the risk that profit contributions from business with
key accounts could be lower than forecast in the original plans.

The consumer business of ams was characterized by high customer concentration
The merger with the OSRAM Group has clearly expanded the existing customer

and product portfolio of ams and reduced the share of customer specific contract
manufacturing volume. ams OSRAM is nevertheless striving to achieve further diver-
sification of the customer and product portfolio in order to reduce possible negative
effects from business with key accounts. We have also set up a close-knit risk man-
agement system for significant individual orders from key accounts.

Cyber risks and IT risks
The increasing digitization of business processes makes the reliability and security
of the company-wide system infrastructure extremely important. Regulatory require-
ments for the protection, integrity, and availability of data are also on the rise.

There has been an evident increase in cyberattacks worldwide, and external attacks
on IT systems of ams OSRAM can therefore not be ruled out. Such attacks could
result in the theft of business information, intellectual property, and personal data.
A lack of risk awareness on the part of employees and improper handling of our IT
systems could also make external attacks easier or could lead to situations in which
data are lost or can be recovered only at significant expense. Malfunctions in the

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

TT systems could also cause significant interruptions of the production and supply
chain, which would entail loss of revenue.

To counter these risks, ams OSRAM has already transferred IT systems and appli-
cations to sufficiently secure cloud solutions, and we conduct independent tests at
regular intervals to determine the vulnerability of our IT systems. In terms of infor-
mation security, the company operates in accordance with the 18027001 standard.
In addition, regular employee training is conducted and an emergency response
service provider is contracted in the event of a serious cyberattack. ams OSRAM has
@ Chief Information Security Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Information
Officer. In addition to technical measures, information security also requires commu-
nication and governance. The existing system is continuously improved and its effec-
tiveness monitored by means of internal and external audits. The Supervisory Board
is kept informed about the results of these activities. In the area of data protection,
@ comprehensive data protection management system has been implemented and
globally applicable corporate guidelines ensure company-wide standards for han-
dling personal data. Further refinement of data protection is promoted by actions
that include training for all employees and implementation of uniform technical and
organizational measures, particularly when data are being processed by external
service providers.

Business interruption risk
The continuous optimization and focusing of the integrated production environment
means that dependence on individual production locations is increasing. Thus, there
is a risk that disruptions at ams OSRAM's plants or external influences could result

in an inability to produce or deliver products in the planned scope. That is why, in
addition to insuring against damage to equipment and buildings, we also maintain
appropriate insurance to protect against risks arising from business interruption. We
also conduct preventive maintenance and have defined emergency plans for critical
areas to ensure the availability and quality of our products. Fire and disaster protec-
tion for significant locations is also continually reviewed and improved. The risk of
supply bottlenecks is reduced where possible by diversifying our supplier base and
closely monitoring critical vendors and materials.

The current war in Ukraine is having enormous effects on global energy supply,
and particularly in Europe > Geopolitical risks ~ Russia and China. ams OSRAM has
been working to secure gas supplies for the plants in Germany and Austria since the

Group Financial Statements

beginning of fiscal year 2022 and have largely eliminated the risk of a gas shortage.
Energy supply bottlenecks could lead to rationing of energy supplies, however, or in a
worst-case scenario could also cause unannounced, longer lasting, and widespread
power outages. ams OSRAM is countering this risk with appropriate emergency
plans

Based upon the measures already undertaken, the experience gained during the
COVID-19 pandemic, and the pandemic’s overall decline, ams OSRAM considers the
probability of business interruptions to be lower than in the prior year. Nevertheless,
we continue to prioritize the prevention of COVID-19 infections within our own com-
pany.

Dependence on suppliers

To avoid dependence on individual suppliers for critical materials, we generally vet
at least one secondary source in addition to the preferred vendor. This is not always
possible or economically practical, however. Moreover, certain production services
in the semiconductor industry can be outsourced to only a limited number of wafer
producers,

Firstly, ams OSRAM faces the risk of price increases by suppliers. Secondly, one or
more of these suppliers may fail to fulfil its supply obligations, which would impair
our delivery capacity and result in loss of revenue.

Although we were able to find alternatives for Russian suppliers in fiscal year 2022 to
the extent necessary, given the sanctions in force at the time, we continue depend
substantially upon Taiwan-based suppliers. The occurrence or worsening of the geo-
political risks described under > Geopolitical risks - Russia and China could negative-
ly affect the supply situation for these suppliers, and in a worst-case scenario could
also lead to business interruptions > Business interruption risk. It is also possible
that we will be unable to develop a long-term business relationship with some of our
alternate suppliers and must therefore establish new supplier relationships.

Information collection and regular monitoring of our suppliers’ financial situations
is also a fixed component of our supplier risk management process. Dedicated em-
ployees coordinate our collaboration with important production service providers.
ams OSRAM also maintains a forward-looking inventory and procurement manage-
ment process and concludes long-term delivery agreements wherever possible.

63


--- Page 19 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Manpower shortages and the loss of skilled employees

To develop, produce, and sell its high-tech products and solutions, the ams OSRAM
Group requires, in some cases, highly qualified employees in the engineering sciences
and other technical areas, as well as executives with international experience. There is
tough competition for such talent and experts, as well as for executives, particularly
in the semiconductor industry and in the regions where we are active. Moreover, due
to uncertainties related to the merger of ams and OSRAM, the Company was unable
to retain certain key personnel in recent years to the desired extent. The future perfor-
mance of ams OSRAM also depends upon the degree to which it can identify, recruit,
develop, and retain the talent, engineers, and executive managers needed.

ams OSRAM is countering this risk with a professional approach that is adapted to
the current circumstances in personnel recruitment, and which we are continually
optimizing and adapting to market conditions. In addition, we are using information
gained from employee surveys to implement measures that will make working for
ams OSRAM even more attractive. We also place a high priority on further enhancing
opportunities for career development and employee satisfaction in order to ensure
the long-term retention of important skilled employees and top performers.

Well-defined career development processes and programs, as well as targeted suc-
cession planning for key functions, help our employees grow and to prepare them
internally for management positions if they are suitable and willing to reach out for
such functions. We have also strongly expanded our presence in social media and use
these channels to recruit new employees. In addition, we engage in many employer
branding activities, such as participation in training days and career fairs for stu-
dents to communicate our employer positioning and to present the Company as an
attractive employer.

Quality risk

Meeting market and customer-specific requirements for our products is particularly
important for our business success. The increasing complexity of product and man-
ufacturing processes and shorter development cycles increase the risk of possible
quality issues. Products manufactured by ams OSRAM are integrated into complex
electronic systems. Errors or functional defects in products produced by ams OSRAM
could directly or indirectly compromise the property, health, or life of third persons,
and could therefore lead to recalls from our customers and negative effects on our
reputation.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

We counter this risk through group-wide quality processes, which are audited inter-
nally at regular intervals based upon established standards (such as ISO 14001, ISO
13485, ISO 9001, and IATF 16949) and audited externally by our customers, and also
certified by external companies. In the event of quality defects and product safety
incidents, we have established an effective reporting system to ensure a timely
response.

Financial risks

The ams OSRAM Group is subject to a variety of financial risks. The relevant risks
include liquidity risk, interest-rate risk, foreign currency risk, and credit risk.

Changes in credit ratings, currency exchange rates, interest rates, and the general
capital market situation can influence both our operational business and our in-
vestment and financing activities. Market price fluctuations can lead to significant
volatility in profits and payment flows.

Financial risk management is conducted by the central Treasury department based
upon guidelines approved by the Company's Management Board and Supervisory
Board. The Treasury department assesses and hedges against financial risks in close
collaboration with the operational business areas, also using financial derivatives.

Liquidity risk

The liquidity risk is that ams OSRAM could be incapable of meeting its financial
obligations when they come due. Debt financing undertaken in conjunction with

the acquisition of the OSRAM Group has increased the need for financing as well

as expectations with respect to the Group's financial performance. Short-term and
long-term liquidity and business planning that accounts for the sale of parts of
companies and the achievement of integration-related cost synergies are helping

to secure the future financial success of the ams OSRAM Group. The Company has
sufficient cash on hand, as well as a substantial amount in approved long-term cred-
it lines that have not been utilized. A financing structure that has been diversified in
terms of financial instruments and maturity profile also provides a sufficient margin.

Group Financial Statements

Several financing agreements contain arrangements customary for the market,
under which the ratio of net financing debt to adjusted EBITDA (pursuant to the
respective definition) must not exceed 4.0:1. The resulting risk of calls for early
repayment or blocks on utilization of credit is intensively analyzed in the context of
short and long-term business and financial planning.

Most notably, the realization, either to their full extent or in a disadvantageous com-
bination, of the risks described under > Macroeconomic effects as well as volatile
and cyclical market developments, > Geopolitical risks - Russia and China, > Compe-
tition for the introduction of new technologies, and > Customer concentration could
significantly increase future financing risk.

Interest-rate risk

In particular, the effects and risks described under > Macroeconomic effects, as well
as volatile and cyclical market developments and > Geopolitical risks - Russia and
China, have led to changes on the financial markets in the course of fiscal year 2022,
including higher interest rates and more restrictive financing,

In principle, an increase in interest rates could lead to rising financing costs for ams
OSRAM and thus to increased interest-rate risk, while falling interest rates could lead
to lower interest income from financial investments. This risk of changes in interest
rates is countered by the fact that under liabilities, approximately 95% of the Com-
pany’s financial liabilities have fixed interest rates. Upcoming refinancing of existing
fixed-interest-rate financing may encumber the future interest result, depending
upon how the market develops. Under assets, risks of changes in interest rates exist
primarily in relation to short-term time deposits, which are linked to the market
interest rate, Offsetting items under assets and liabilities naturally reduces overall
exposure.

Most notably, the realization, either to their full extent or in a disadvantageous
combination, of the risks described under > Competition for the introduction of new
technologies and > Customer concentration could cause rating agencies to adjust
the financial valuation of the ams OSRAM Group. Possible adjustments could also
negatively affect the Group’s future individual financing terms,

64


--- Page 20 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

Foreign currency risk

As a global company, we conduct financial transactions in a number of different
currencies. This results in risks caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates, both in our operational business as well as in financial reporting from currency
conversion into the group reporting currency. Based upon our corporate structure,
these result primarily from fluctuations of the Euro vis-d-vis the US-Dollar and Ma-
laysian ringgit. Exchange rate fluctuations can have a negative effect on our profit,
equity, and cash flow. In order to hedge currency risks from our operational busi-
ness and financial positions, we monitor all transaction risks and conversion risks.
Depending upon the respective risk situation, we also use financial derivatives to
hedge against net risks from balance sheet items and possible risks from scheduled
transactions.

Credit risk

Credit risks arise when a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument is
incapable of fulfilling its payment obligations. In accordance with the treasury and
risk management policy, investments and transactions involving derivative financial
instruments are carried out only with a diversified selection of financial institutions
having a high level of creditworthiness. Individual credit limits for customers and
financial institutions are defined on the basis of external and internal data and are
monitored on an ongoing basis. There was no significant concentration of credit
risks as of the balance sheet date.

Legal and compliance risks

As. a global company, the ams OSRAM Group with its subsidiaries is subject to a
variety of legal and compliance risks. These include the risk of litigation, the risk of
infringement of proprietary rights, and the risk of noncompliance with regulatory
requirements. ams OSRAM may therefore be confronted with various court proceed-
ings, claims, and official investigations. These could cause the Company to incur
costs, e.g. for damages, recalls, fines, or other financial detriments, as well as repu-
tational damage.

Like ams OSRAM, many of our competitors, suppliers, and customers also protect
their technology through patents or other proprietary rights. The enforcement of

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

claims by other parties based upon an alleged infringement of proprietary rights
could lead to significant costs in the form of court costs, damages, and/or license
fees. Such claims could also hinder the business of ams OSRAM. We reduce that risk
by maintaining and, if necessary, enforcing a strong IP portfolio. We also monitor
the external IP environment. If necessary, we also acquire licenses to ensure our
freedom of action,

ams OSRAM is also subject to a variety of governmental regulations worldwide, e.g.,
in the areas of environmental protection, product safety, and labor conditions. Of
primary significance here is the increasing complexity of regulations relating to re-
porting obligations in the area of sustainability and in dealing with the protection of
human rights in the supply chains. Under certain circumstances, a failure to comply
with the relevant regulations may result in significant fines and reputational risks. To
prevent this to the extent possible and to anticipate future regulatory changes in a
timely manner, ams OSRAM monitors global changes in the legal landscape through
central departments that support the country-specific implementation of appropri-
ate processes and controls.

If economically practical, we also purchase insurance to cover a portion of the risks.
Note 18 ‘Provisions’ of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides
an overview of significant legal disputes. In order to avoid and, if necessary, identify
compliance-related events in a timely manner, ams OSRAM also has a group-wide
compliance management system.

Overall estimate of risks
In the past fiscal year, the risk situation of the ams OSRAM Group was particularly
influenced by the general worsening of macroeconomic conditions, whereas risks
related to the COVID-19 pandemic decreased. Geopolitical risks, on the other hand,
increased significantly in connection with the direct and indirect consequences of the
Russian war of aggression against Ukraine.

The risks associated with the overall business environment, which are strongly in-
fluenced by geopolitical crises, could have a serious effect on the business of ams
OSRAM and could frequently require new operational actions as well as adjustments
to its strategy. It remains to be seen how extensive and long-lasting these effects
will be for our business in future.

Group Financial Statements

Taking into account the respective probability of occurrence and the potential
effects, the risks enumerated in this report currently do not put the going concern
assumption at risk, either individually or in their entirety. Given the balance sheet
structure and the current business prospects, the Management Board does not
expect any substantial threat to the going concern. This assessment is supported by
the current financing structure, see Note 19 ‘Interest-bearing Loans’ of the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

65


--- Page 21 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company

9. Events after the balance sheet
date

(On January 30, 2023, ams OSRAM announced that, after more than seven years,
‘Alexander Everke will retire from his position as Chief Executive Officer effective
March 31, 2023, and will resign from the Company's Management Board. The Super-
visory Board has appointed Aldo Kamper as a member and Chairman of the Man-
agement Board effective April 1, 2023. He has been CEO of Leoni AG, Nuremberg,

a global provider in the field of energy and data management for the automotive
industry, since 2018. Previously, he held various management positions at OSRAM
for more than 15 years, including General Manager of the Opto Semiconductors
business. Mr. Everke will actively support the handover of his duties and will remain
available for consultation for ams OSRAM until the end of 2023.

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Corp. Governance

Remuneration Report Management Report

10. Outlook

In 2023, ams OSRAM expects significant uncertainties and an unclear outlook for
global economic trends, private consumption, and worldwide industrial production,
including automotive unit volumes, to determine the development of major econo-
mies and regions. ams OSRAM is therefore subject to potentially volatile end market
developments, customer performance that may be difficult to anticipate, and
potential unforeseen changes in semiconductor industry dynamics, demand trends,
and supply chain performance. ams OSRAM has built a strong market position in
important markets and is confident of its ability to serve evolving customer needs.
Leveraging these advantages, ams OSRAM expects to introduce advanced solutions
for illumination, visualization, and sensing, make high volume shipments to its global
customer base, and achieve planned production ramps of diverse design-wins.

ams OSRAM will continue the successful integration of OSRAM in the current year
on the basis of planned programs and the domination and profit and loss transfer
agreement between the two companies. ams OSRAM therefore expects to record
further expenses from integration-related activities in 2023 based on current infor-
mation. Looking ahead, ams OSRAM expects the full integration of both companies
to offer significant mid and longer-term business advantages and positive financial
effects for the group.

Group Financial Statements

Given its current assessment of semiconductor and end market dynamics and the
global macro-economic trends, ams OSRAM expects its business to record an overall
solid development in 2023. However, should global semiconductor demand and the
macro-economic environment develop more unfavorably in 2023 and/or the US-
Dollar show notable weakness, ams OSRAM would experience a meaningful impact
on the development of its business and earnings.

ams OSRAM has set itself the strategic goal of becoming the global leader in optical
solutions supported by the full integration of OSRAM. In this growth strategy, the
mid-term priorities for ams OSRAM are expanding the group’s business with key ac-
counts globally and driving higher penetration of its worldwide markets and custom-
er base. ams OSRAM focuses on an innovation-driven portfolio of optical technolo-
gies for light emission and sensing to create customer-centered high-performance
solutions. ams OSRAM expects this approach to drive diversified long-term growth
opportunities in its automotive, consumer, industrial and medical end markets.

66


--- Page 22 ---

To our Shareholders Our Company Corp. Governance

11. Other information

For information on equity, treasury shares, and equity investments, please refer to
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Premstaetten, February 27, 2023

ams-OSRAM AG, Premstaetten

Ze

Alexander Everke Ingo Bank
Chairman of the Management Board Member of the Management Board
CEO CFO

‘ams OSRAM Annual Report 2022

Remuneration Report

Vole.

Dr. Thomas Stockmeier
Member of the Management Board
cTo

Management Report

Mark Hamersma
Member of the Management Board
CBO

Group Financial Statements

67
