

--- Page 1 ---

Business operations
and value creation

y and targets
ati

Operating environment

Financial development

Governance

pment

This is
Metsa Board

We focus on premium fresh fibre paperboards and are a forerunner in

sustainability. Our strategy is to grow in
and renew our industrial operations.

Focus on sustainable
fresh fibre paperboards

We focus on premium and recyclable fresh fibre paperboards,
that help our customers reduce their plastic use. Our paper
boards are mainly used in consumer packaging and in retail
packaging solutions where demand is rather stable, regardless
of the economic situation.

Strong position
in a growing market

We are a leading producer of folding boxboard and white
krattliners in Europe, and globally the biggest producer

of coated white kraftliners. In the USA, weare the largest
supplier of folding boxboard. We expect the global demand for
paperboards to grow faster, at an annual rate of around 5%,
‘compared to other packaging materials.

re-based packaging materials

A forerunner in
sustainability
Our products support the circular economy and they have a

‘smaller carbon footprit
rials. Our future growth is based on more efficier

pared to many other packaging mate:

use of resources

and raw materials. Our target is fossil free production and products
by the end of 2030,

Investing in

sustainable growth

Our ongoing and planned investments respond to the growing
demand for sustainable packaging materials. We are continuously

modernising our industrial operations to further strengthen our
We have a clear road map to implement our

competitiveness.
ambitious sustainability targets. This includes investments and

explorations of alternative raw materials in cooperation with our

We are part of the profitable Mets Group and benefit from the good availability of our main raw material, northern wood,

Our self-sufficiency in pulp guarantees the consistent and high quality of the fibre and enables the growth of our paperboard business.

METSA GROUP [*22"*com207™

composed of o

EUR 7.0 sito

‘WOOD SUPPLY AND METSA WOOD METSA FIBRE METSA BOARD METSA TISSUE
FOREST SERVICES Wood Products, Palp and sawn timber Paperboard Tissue and greaseproof
(Wetsa Forest) arse
‘OWNERS!
Metsaltto Cooperative Metslitto Cooperative Metslito Cooperative 501% Metsalitto Cooperative Metsalito Cooperative
10086 108% Metsa Board 24.996 50296 (68256 afvotes) 100%

Roch Cerperation 250% ‘The company isisted

on Nasdag Helin

METSA SPRING Innovation company

Arecord year 2022
SALES COMPARABLE ToTAL Our strong financial
OPERATING RESULT INVESTMENTS, postioniarstienctndston
EUR milion Seotsales EUR milion for our future growth.
Interest-bearing net debt/
2500 eo » comparable EBITDA
so S ° = ur financial target
7 ° 3 ” ‘sno more than 2.5
SALES SPLIT BY PRODUCT SALES SPLIT BY REGION In 2022, we produced
Wot sales Spor sales
1. 9 million tonnes of
tices os meen Saat!
Americas 26
1 Markt pu 6
wee tects] Lb cation tonnes
of pulp and BCTMP
We are We have Our customers include

2,248

Mets Board employees in

17

countries

We procure wood from
forests where renewal and
biodiversity are safeguarded.
Of all the wood fibre we
procure, certified wood fibre
accounts for

83%

‘Target > 90%
by the end of 2030

8 production units in Finland
and Sweden and deliver
products to approximately

1OO cosines

Our sustainable investments
are moving us closer to
fossil free operations.

The share of fossil free
energy of our total energy
consumption is

87%

Target:100%
by the end of 2030

international brand
owners, packaging
converters, manufacturers
of corrugated products
and merchants

Our ambitious targets
strengthen our position
as a forerunner in
sustainability

MANES L.5°C BS ©
© rwevoreensaseze


--- Page 2 ---

Business operations
and value creation

y and targets
ati

Operating environment

Financial development

Governance

pment

Record result in a challenging
business environment

We achieved an excellent result in 2022, and our financial po:

at the end of the year was strong. We continued our sustainability
efforts to mitigate climate change and helped our customers
lower their use of plastic and reduce the carbon footprint of their
packages. All this builds a strong foundation for future growth,
which we seek through our sustainable and profitable investments.

For Mets Board, 2022 was an exceptional year in many ways. Asa
paperboard company, we achieved a record result ina challenging
business environment that proved difficult to predict. Our sales.
were nearly EUR 2.5 billion, and our comparable operating result
was EUR 521 million. At 20.9%, our return on capital employed
exceeded our long-term target by a wide margin. Our result
improved especially thanks to the higher prices of fresh fibre
paperboards supported by a favourable currency effect. Success:
ful price increases exceeded the rapid cost inflation. In addition, the
profitability of Metsa Fibre, our associated company, was boosted
by the higher market pulp prices.

‘The past year was overshadowed by Russia's war against
Ukraine, which is continuing in 2023. In addition to human suffer
ing, Russia's military operations triggered the most severe energy
crisis in Europe's recent history, making energy self-sufficiency a
significant competitive factor for many companies. Mets Board's
energy self-sufficiency is at ahigh level, which offers stability to our
operations. The new recovery boiler and turbine that started up
at the Husum pulp millin December, willincrease the production
of bioenergy and take us closer to our goal of entirely fossil free
production by the end of 2030.

Valuable recognition of our sustainability efforts

During the year. we continued our long-term work to promote
sustainability. For the second year in a row, we secured a place on
the 'A’List in all of CDP's three environmental focus areas: climate
change mitigation, water security and forest protection. Only

12 out of 15,000 companies achieved the same excellent result

In EcoVadis's evaluation, we were in the top 1% among paper.
paperboard and packaging manufacturers, receiving full points
inthe environment section. These acknowledgements reflect our
role as a forerunner in sustainability and the systematic work that

everyone at Mets Board carries out to achieve our goals. Since
2022, the personal performance goals of all Mets Board employ:
one sustainability objective, which in my
case concerns safety at work.

ees have included at least

Our strategy has proven its success

Our strategy has proved its sustainability and success in a
challenging market situation, and we will continue its systematic
implementation ~ growing sustainably in fibre-based packaging
materials. In recent years, we have strengthened our market
position in premium fresh fibre paperboards and have met the
quickly increasing demand for recyclable packaging materials,
that can replace plastic in our main markets - Europe and North
America. In 2023, our paperboard capacity will increase following
the completion of our investments in folding boxboard in Husum
and kraftliner in Kemi. To continue our sustainable growth, we

have launched pre-engineering for a new folding boxboard mil with
an annual capacity of 800,000 tonnes in Kaskinen. A potential
investment decision could be made in 2024 at the earliest.

Resource efficiency helps us reduce
the environmental impact of packaging

Our resource-efficient paperboards made of renewable raw mate:
rial have a smaller carbon footprint than many other packaging
materials, and they are an excellent match to circular economy
needs. Packaging design carried out in cooperat

customers helps us continuously reduce the amount of packaging
material and waste.

Resource and produ

n efficiency play akey role in the
pre-engineering for the new folding boxboard millin Kaskinen. We
aim for the world’s most resource-efficient paperboard mill, with

world-class competitiveness and a product concept that enables
carbon footprint reduction. By utiling the best available tech:
nology, the consumption of raw materials, energy and water per

tonne of folding boxboard produced can be significantly reduced
compared to our current production units.

‘Strong financial position supports growth

Ours!

ng financial position creates a firm foundation for future
and planned growth invest ments in fbre-based packaging
materials. In addition to our financial and sustainability targets,
ur decision making is guided by our long-term goal of increasing

44 Our resource-efficient
paperboards made of
renewable raw material have
a smaller carbon footprint
than many other packaging
materials, and they are an
excellent match for circular
economy needs.

shareholder value, Metsa Board's Board of Directors proposes
that a dividend of EUR 0.58 per share be distributed for 2022. The
proposals in line with our dividend policy and refle
inour future success.

Our excellent performance ina volatile operating environment
is proof not only of a well-functioning strategy but also of a compe-
tent and motivated personnel. | wish to thank all our employees for
peir great work and all our customers and other partners for their
good cooperation.

confidence

Mika Joukio
ceo


--- Page 3 ---

Business operations
and value creation

2 Thisi ard

pment
Sustainability report
Financial development

Governance

Highlights in
2022

In 2022, Mets Board delivered a strong financial result. We continued
the systematic implementation of our strategy and cooperation with our
customers to create packaging solutions that support the circular economy.

Pre-engineering for the
world's most resource-
efficient paperboard
mill started

Metsa Board started pre-engineering work
f folding boxboard mill, with an
annual capacity of approximately 800,000
tonnes, at the Kaskinen mill site in Finland,
Read more onp.9

Innovating
for circularity

Golf ball packaging takes on a second life as an insect hotel.
‘The innovative packaging was a result of aco-creation
workshop at Mets Board's Excellence Centre. In tatal 45
ation workshops were organised with customers and
partners during the year. Read more on p. 16.

Solutions for plastic reduction
and recyclability

Mets Board's dispersion coated barrier paperboard helped
several brands, including the U.S’s fastest growin
company, Crumbl Cookies, to reduce plastic and ligh
their packaging. Sales of dispersion ¢
grown rapidly, and the aim is to increase its share up to half of
the Kyromill’s production

pacity in 2023. Read more on p. 16.

Recognitions for systematic work
for sustainability

Mets Board was recognised again with an outstanding triple
CDP’'A’score for its environmental leadership in climate change,
water security and forests. Only 12 companies achieved a triple
‘A’ out of nearly 15,000 companies scored.

Metsa Board was again awarded Platinum rating by EcoVadis for
the company’s sustainability and corporate social responsibilty,
scoring the full 100/100 in the Environment section for the first

time.

Mets Board won for the second time both the Finnish Circular
Economy Award and the Finnish Quality award in the Excellence
Finland assessment using the international EFQM model. Read
more on p. 21.

omg
ecovadis |)

S

Renewal of the Husum
pulp mill is an important
step towards our goal
of 100% fossil free
production

Thenew

recovery boiler and turbine,
ted up in December,
ie bioenergy production of Husum,
pulp mill and improve the integrate’s,
electricity self-suffiency. Read more on
po



--- Page 4 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Financial development

Governance

pment

Our strategy highlights solutions
that promote the circular economy

We are a leading European producer of premium fresh fibre paperboards
and a forerunner in sustainability. Our decision making is guided by

our profitability and sustainability targets and the ambition to increase
shareholder value. Our goal is to maintain a strong financial position and
distribute a competitive dividend to our owners.

Purpose

‘Advancing the bioeconomy and
circular economy by efficiently
processing northern wood into first:
class products.

Vision

Preferred supplier of innovative and Values
sustainable fibre-based packaging

solutions, creating value for Reliability

customers globally.

Cooperation

Strategy Responsible proftabilty
We grow in fibre-based packaging

materials and renew our industrial Renewal

operations.

Megatrends Urbanisation Biodiversity loss

Population growth Climate change Digitalisation

Operating environment supports
growing demand for fresh fibre paperboards

Population growth, urbanisation and rising living standards,
drive packaging

Global e-commerce continues to grow

Availability and quality of recycled fibre is declining

Regulation and consumer preferences favour fossil free packaging.
materials

‘The requirements of the circular economy become more specific
and drive the development of the industry

Our strategic programmes

We implement our strategy through five strategic programmes that
drive sustainable growth in fibre-based packaging materials and
industrial efficiency

Premium supplier

Effective innovation

Safe and efficient operations and organic growth

Leader in sustainability

Motivated people

Our financial targets

COMPARABLE RETURN INTEREST-BEARING NET | DIVIDEND /

ONCAPITALEMPLOYED DEBT / COMPARABLE NET RESULT
% EBITDA

We invest in sustainable
and profitable growth

Metsa Board has significant invest ments under-
‘way and in the pipeline to achieve sustainable
growth in fibre-based packaging materials. In
line with our strategy, we are also renewing our
industrial operations to further strengthen our
competitiveness. By using the best available
technology, we improve our production and
resource efficiency and reduce the carbon
footprint of our products.

‘We will increase the annual production capac-
ity of folding boxboard at the Husum integrated
mill by some 200,000 tonnes and of white
kraftliners at the Kemi paperboard mill by some
40,000 tonnes. We expect both investments to
be completed in the second half of 2023,

‘The new recovery boiler and turbine of the
Husum pulp mill started up at the end of 2022.
This increased the mill's bioenergy production
and considerably improved the integrate's,
energy self-sufficiency. In the renewal's second
phase, during the 2020s, an investment decision
will be made concerning the renewal of the mill's
fibre line. The renewal will strengthen the Husum.
integrate’s role as an efficient and sustainable
platform for the long-term development of
paperboard production and is an important step
towards our target of entirely fossil free mills.

Inthe autumn of 2022, we initiated a
re-engineering process for the new Kaskinen
paperboard mill, with an annual capacity of
800,000 tonnes. A potential investment decision
willbe made in 2024 at the earliest. The planning
of the new mill is based on fossil free production,
‘world-class resource and production efficiency,
and a product concept that reduces carbon
footprint.

OS


--- Page 5 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Financial development

Governance

pment

We create value and well-being,
with respect for nature

We help our customers achieve their sustainability targets with our paperboards and our expert
services that support the circular economy. We are continuously looking for opportunities

to grow profitably and sust

Resources

People and partnerships

+ 2,248 employees in 17 countries
+ 2Sapprentices

+ Active cooperation with local communities and educational
institutions

Production and supply chain

+ More than 3,600 suppliers,
+ Sproduction units in Finland and Sweden
+ Deliveries to approximately 100 countries

Natural resources

+ 8.3 million m? of sourced wood of which 83% is certified
+ Total energy consumption 12.0 TwH of which 87% is fossil
free

fater intake 110 million m=

+ 355,000 dry tonnes of purchased pigments, adhesives and
other raw materials
Intangible assets
+ R&D expenditure EUR 6 milion

+ An Excellence Centre in Aanekoski, Finland, anda satellite
centre in Norwalk, the United States

+ Recognition for premium quality paperboards

Economic capital

+ Capital invested EUR 2.7 billion
+ 57,000 shareholders in B series and 10,000 in A series,

10

ably, and to generate value for our stakeholders with our operations.

Business model

/e produce resource-efficient fresh fibre paperboards from
renewable raw materials, which support the principles of the
circular economy and offer an alternative to fossil-based packaging
materials. We are part of Mets Group, and benefit fromits unique
value chain, from pure northern fibre to premium end products. We
have high energy self-sufficiency, and our holding in our associated
sry Metsa Fibre ensures our over self-sufficiency in pulp.

Our production is located in Finland and Sweden, and we have

are Europe and North

sales around the world, Qur main mark

America

‘OUR SALES IN 2022

eur 2,480 mition

FOLDING BOXBOARD

57% corsa)

WHITE KRAFTLINERS

25% cotsates

MARKET PULP

15% corsaies

OTHER

3% cot sae

Outputs

Sustainable products and services

1.9 million tonnes of premium fresh fibre paperboards
1.4 milion tonnes of pulp and BCTMP

5 service entities that generate benefits throughout the
packaging value chain (360 Services)

Common stock service improves availability and enables fast
delivery to the customer

Emissions and side streams

Fossil-based CO, emissions 383,000 tonnes (Scope land 2,
market-based)

96% of the used water is returned to the waterbodies after
treatment

More than 99% of production side streams are used as,
materials or energy

Impacts

Customers

+ Recyclable and sustainably produced products with a smaller
carbon footprint

+ Innovative and material-efficient packaging solutions that help
reduce the use of plastic

on NPS (Net Promoter Score) 34

+ Customer satistfacti

Suppliers

+ EUR 2.0 billion purchases from suppliers

+ 99% of suppliers are commi
Conduct

tothe Supplier Code of
+ 15% of target group suppliers have set their own SBTi targets

Personnel

+ EUR 217 milion paid to employees as wages and benefits,

+ 100% of the personnel have completed the Cade of Conduct
training

Shareholders

+ Asustainable investment: several recognitions from
evaluations conducted by third parties

+ EUR 206 million distributed to shareholders of the parent
company as dividends

+ 20.9% comparable return on capital employed

Common value creation

+ Taxes tobe paid EUR 96 million
+ Total investments EUR 304 million
+ Aiming for a 100% fossil free future, with science-based targets

a


--- Page 6 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Financial development

Governance

pment

Business environment

Paperboard is the fastest growing
packaging material

Paperboard accounts for around a third of the global packaging
market, and itis expected to experience faster growth than other
packaging materials ~ an average annual rate of 5%. The main
growth drivers include the consumers’ increasing environmental
awareness, which favours recyclable packages, and the ease of
packaged food in daily life.

The value of the global packaging market
is around USD 1 billion

Annual growth is approximately 4% (2021-2026),

‘THE GLOBAL PAPERBOARD PACKAGING.
MARKET VALUE BY MATERIAL.

Paperboard 33%
mPhstc 3%
Metal 13%

Glass 49%

Other packaging
(vost bre sed) .1396

B

Paperboard demand
is influenced by
long-term trends

REGULATION
Regulation seeks to reduce the negative impacts
of climate change, the increasing amount of
waste and loss of biodiversity.

EASE
To make everyday life easier, consumers shop
online and buy ready meals.

PLASTIC REDUCTION
Brand owners and retailers are setting ambitious
goals for making packages reusable, recyclable
and compostable by 2025.

APPROPRIATENESS,
Packages help protect products and thereby
prevent waste generation while avoiding
over-packaging.

BRAND PROMOTION IN E-COMMERCE
Positive unboxing experiences are becoming.
increasingly important, leading to more branding
inside boxes.

Metsa Board's paperboards are especially used in food packaging, which is more defensive in nature

END USES OF FOLDING
BOXBOARD KRAFTLINERS

1 Food an food service

packaging

1 Other consumer procucts
Cincucing te packaging

of pharmaceuticals and
cosmetic)
Graphicalend uses

Consumers prefer recyclable packaging,
policymakers drive reusability

According to Euromonitor, 66% of consumers
impact on the environment through their everyday actions.
Reducing plastic is the top measure taken, followed by reducing
food waste, recycling items, and using sustainable packaging.
Recyclability is seen as the key sustainability feature for a sustaina
ble packaging. (source: Euromonitor International Global Lifestyles
Survey 2022)

With a recycling rate of 829%, paper packaging is the most
recycled packaging material in the EU, while the plastic recycling
rate is 28%. (S

urce: Eurostat)

Reusabilt waste hierarchy, although many
third-party certified LCA studies show that reuse or refill isnot
always the best option for the climate and environment.

The main purpose of packaging is to protect products, thereby
preventing waste. Packaging accounts for only 5% of the total
global food system greenhouse gas emissions. (Source: the UN
and the EC)

END USES OF WHITE

Shelf eady- packaging
point of sale ceplays and
E-commerce
ot

onsumer packaging

Consumers responded to the inflationary
environment of 2022

have positive Rapid inflation has reduced consumers’ purchasing power and

forced them to reconsider their consumption habits.

The demand for packaged food has remained stable. Con
sumers have moved to less expensive products and private label
products and are opting for discounters. Purchases of durables
and luxury products are being postponed

Despite the pressure to save, the majority of consumers are
eager to catch up on experiences they missed out during the
pandemic.

3B


--- Page 7 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Highlights
y and targets

Operating e

Financial development

Governance

pment

Strong position

in a growing market

Paperboard market

Metsa Board has an established position in its main markets,
— Europe and North America. Itis a leading producer of folding
boxboard and white kraftliners in Europe and the largest supplier of
folding boxboardin the US. In 2022, demand for folding boxboard
‘and white kraftliners was strong, especially in the first half of the
year, and the average paperboard prices improved. Among other

things, demand was boosted by the pandemic-induced consump
tion shift from services to packaged goods and concerns about the
availability of packaging materials. Demand began to normalise
towards the end of the year. In the long term, the increasing
demand for sustainably produced fresh fibre paperboards used to
replace plastic is expected to continue.

Mets Board's paperboards have several growth drivers in its main market areas in Europe and

North America

AMERICAS.

Continued growth
inNorth America

Regional emphasis

EMEA APAC

Maintaining strong Focus on high quality

Metsa Board is Europe's largest producer of folding boxboard and white kraftliners

PRODUCERS OF
FOLDING BOXBOARD IN EUROPE
Total capacity 40 milion tonnes

PRODUCERS OF
WHITE KRAFTLINERS IN EUROPE
Total capacity 2.1 million tonnes (excl. Russia)

Metsa Board
is the biggest

tm Metss Board 20% Mess Board 32% producer of
Peer 21% 25%
weer 28 we coated white
Poor & 5% 10% kraftliners
otners ase 7%
globally.

Pulp market

Megatrends drive long-term demand for sustainably produced pulp

Globally, about 181 million tonnes of pulp made from fresh fibre is used each ‘SOFTWOOD PULP PRICE DEVELOPMENT
year, of which 112 million tonnes is pre-integrated into e.g. paper or board INEUROPE AND CHINA

production. The remainder, 69 million tonnes, is sold to the market, and consists

mail ofteached softwood and harnood pl. Demand andpies or pul co
emerging economies will support demand for sustainably produced pulp. oe
Demand groth lb sustanedby the development of sue and packing ”
beard products. Alsonew products such as pup based texte oes wil ply an ”

increasingly important role in the future. Market pulp supply has been limited in

market position packaging in selected
in Europe end use segments

Paperboard deliveries in 2022

+ share ofa dinre 23, 68% As,

503,000 tonnes 1,239,000 tonnes 75,00

+ delivery volumes nnes

Environmental awareness + Growth of the middle class,
and regulation support
the demand for recyclable
packaging materials,

Demand outlook for + Limited local availability of

folding boxboard lightweight high-quality folding

and white kraftliners, boxboards and coated white
krattliners

purchasing power and
demand for packaged

+ Demand growth for recyclable + Food safety requirements products
and/or compostable food and favour pure fresh fibre + China's import ban on
food service packaging made perboards recycled fibres increases,

from renewable raw materials demand for pulp and fresh

+ Demand growth for retail
4 fibre paperboards

+ Demand growth for retail-ready ready packaging in stores

Packagingin stores + Growth of e-commerce

+ Promotion and differentiation of
brands in growing e-commerce

/eakened availability and
higher price of recycled fibre

4

recent years by logistical bottlenecks and a number of planned and unplanned
production stoppages.

rope Source Fstmaretsfoer
1 China (et)

Metsa Board's associated company Metsa Fibre is a leading producer of market softwood pulp (NBSK)

Metsa Board aims to be self-sufficient in pulp, which ensures
consistently high quality in paperboard production. Mets Board
produces chemical pulp and bleached high-yield pulp (BCTMP),
which are used in our own paperboard production and sold as
market pulp. In addition, Metsa Board has 24.9% holding ints
associated company Metsa Fibre, which is a leading producer of

wood-based bioproducts such as pulp. sawn timber, biochemicals
and bioenergy. Metsa Fibre’s annual capacity is approximately

METSA FIBRE'S PULP SALES

BY MARKET AREA, %6 BY END USE. %

46%
40%
MEA. Americas... 1036

3.3 million tonnes of pulp and 1.8 million cubic metres of sawn
timber. The pullp produced by Metsa Board and Mets Fibre is
primarily softwood pulp,

Metsa Fibre is constructing a new bioproduc
annual capacity is approximately 1.5 milion tonnes of softwood
and hardwood pulp The mill is expected to be completed in
2023, and it will replace the current pulp millin Kemi, which has
an annual capacity of around 610,000 tonnes.

mill in Kerni. ts

METSA FIBRE’S PULP DELIVERIES

aperboards 259%
I Preting papers 27%
I Tissue papers 20%
Specialty papers... 8%
VMETSAonRD ANNUALAND SUSTANABLITYRGPORT=022 15


--- Page 8 ---

Our R&D aims for recyclability
and resource efficiency

Business operations
and value creation

Promoting the goals of the circular economy drives the development of packaging
materials throughout the packaging sector's value chain. The requirements for packages g

The 3D Muoto®

y and targets
ati

Operating environment

Financial development

Governance

pment

are increasing, and cooperation among all the value chain operators is important. al

Metsa Board has been an active participant in the 4evergreen
alliance, covering the entire packaging value chain, since its
establishment. The goal of devergreen is to make all fibre-based
packaging recyclable by 2025 and raise the recycling rate in the
EU from the current 82% to 90% by 2030. In 2022, 4evergreen
published packaging design guidelines, as well as instructions for
collecting and sorting fibre-based packaging and for assessing
the recyclabilty of packaging. They support the recycling of fibre.
based packaging and promate the competitiveness of fibre-based
packaging against other packaging materials.

Aiming for world-class resource efficiency
and a reduced carbon footprint

Ensuring and developing the recyclability and compostabilty of
paperboard is one of the key goals of our product development
process. In the fibre-based packaging material circular economy,
‘our tasks to provide the market with premium fresh fibre

paperboard as resource-efficiently as possible, help replace fos
sil-based materials and reduce the carbon footprint of packaging.

Large-scale
material savings

While delicious gourmet cookies have made
Crumbl Cookies the fastest-growing cookie
‘company in the United States, its signature

pink boxes have helped establish the firm as a

social media sensation, Founded five years ago,
Crumbl Cookies now has more than 600 U.S. loca
tions, using hundreds of thousands of cookie boxes
per week. By switching to Mets Board's lightweight
dispersion barrier board, Crumbl was able to to
reduce the weight of the package by 32% and reduce
its carbon footprint by more than 50%.

16

We continue
developing recyclable pri
packaging. Our competence in ightweighting of paperboards plays

focus on lightweighting of paperboard and
tive barrier coatings for use in food

akey role in the pre-engineering of the Kaskinen folding boxboard
mil, aunched in 2022, which builds on fossil free production and
significantly lower consumption of wood, energy and water per

tonne of folding
tion units. We aim for world-class resource efficiency and a product

yxboard produced, compared to current produc:

that enables the reduction of the carbon footprint.

We are developing the resource efficiency of all our mills and
make use of artificial intelligence. For example, at the Aanekoski
paperboard mill, we can now locate the reason for process disrup
tions much faster thanks to new Al technology. The technology
analyses the underlying causes of visual defects detected by Al
based machine vision and looks for deviations among the 10,000
variables measured at the mill, also accounting for process delays.
This helps target the right corrective measures more quickly
reducing the time lost due to disruptions.

In the biobarrier programme launched in 2021, we continued
to study new alternative products for reducing plastic. Several

potential products are being tested in the laboratory, and some

proceeded to production testing last year. In accordance with our
product development process, the prerequisites for sales and
production will first be determined before making decisions about
commercialisation,

In2022, we established a systematic development programme
for reducing the use of all fossil-based raw materials. As part of this,

we work with suppliers to find ways to reduce the carbon footprint
of the raw materials we purchase. We have set as our goal that
by the end of 2020, all the solutions and polymers developed for
paperboards will be based on fossil free raw materials,

Deeper customer cooperation

We used our 360 Services to further strengthen our customer
relationships. The services cover five areas: Sustainability Service:
Packaging Design Service: Technical Service; R&D Service: and the
‘Supply Chain and Digital Service

We helped our customers, for example, with life-cycle assess:
ments of packaging, data-based comparisons of the environmental

AUT

innovation
replaces plastic

Mets Group's 30 fibre product has
been produced at Metsa Group's and
\Valmet’s demo plant in Aanekoski
since May 2022. Using brand new
technology, the products are pressed
from wood fibre into their final form
{and their properties can be tailored
during the production process
according to the intended purpose.
Ready-to-use three-dimensional
Muoto products are suitable for such
applications as food packaging. If the
matket interest and product viability
canbe proved on a large scale, Mets
Group will consider building a larger
production unit.

“tt

‘

impacts of different materials, and with concrete packaging solu:
ions for improving recyclability and material efficiency. In 2022, we
organised 45 packaging development workshops at our Excellence
Centre in Aanekoski
Metsa Group and Fortum's ExpandFibre programme promoting
the circular bioeconomy continued in 2022. Among other things,

the programme focused on organising cooperation with packaging
design companies and packaging technology companies and
developing solutions to packaging challenges identified in develop:
‘ment workshops. One example of these efforts was the modern
sation of the pastry packaging used by bakeries, with Viipurilainen
Kotileipomo as the pilot company. The packaging was developed
with usability, ecology and layout in mind. The result was a pastry
package that is easy to assemble, and that reduces the need for
‘material by 25% and carbon dioxide emissions by roughly 34%.

NMETSAoRRO ANNUALAND SUSTARABLITYRGPORT=022 «I


--- Page 9 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development
72 Reportof the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94 1 Accounting policies
96 2.Profitability
99 3. Remuneratio

4 Capital

6 pital str
and financial ri

133. 6.Income taxes
135
140 8.Other

Parent company
financial statements

141 Parent
142
143

144

d's proposal t
;nnual General Meeting.
for the distribution of funds

157 Auditor's Report
161 Shares and
165. Calculat

166 Comparabl

167 Taxes and key figures

Governance

Report of the Board of Directors 2022

1 Metsa Board's business

a
and is Europe's largest producer of fling boxboard and white kraftliners.

Metsa Board rboards,

ces high-quality, sustainable fresh fibre p:

‘The company’s folding box

ard ismainly used to

products such as food and pharmaceuticals, while its white kraftliners are

mainly used for vatious

1ckaging needs in the retail sector. More than half
ofthe white kraftiners made by Metsa Board are coated. The total annual
erboard

acity is approximately 2 milion tonnes, and itis sold to
approximately 100 countries. Mets Board's main market areas are Europe
and North America

Metsa Board produces chemical pulp ar sd high-yield pulp
(BCTMP). which are used in its own paperboard production, with some
sold as market pulp. The annwal capacity for pulp and BCTMP is roughly
15zilion tonnes. In adaition, Metsa Board owns 24.9% of its associated
company Metsa Fibre, a globalle
Metsa

narket

ferin the production of softwo

e's annual pulp capacity is roughly 3.3 milion tonnes.

I Strategy and financial targets

Metsa Board's strategy is to grow in fbre-based packaging materials and

‘enew ts industrial operations. To implement this strategy. the company

has significant growth and development investments ongoing and planned
tomeet the rapidly growing demand for recyclable and plastic-replacing

packaging materials in Europe and North America. Metsa Board's produc-
tionis located close to its most important raw m:

ial, the high-quality
Northern wood fibre. The cor

ny aims to maintain high self-sufficiency in
pulp and energy.

Metsd Board's decision-making is guided by financial and sustainability
targets. as wells long-term sharehol

value growth. The company
focuses on continuous cost efficiency improvements and on customers
who benefit from the high performance of the company’s products and
ve dividend and maintain a

services. The objective isto pay a comp.
strong balan

In. 2022, Metsa Board's financial targets and dividend policy remain
unchanged

sheet

‘The comparable return on capital employed (ROCE) is at minimum 1296.
Actual in 2022 was 20.9%.

Aratiocot interest

aring net debt to comparable EBITDA at maximum 2,

fal in 2022 was 0.2

In line with dividend policy. Metsa Board aims to distribute atleast

the result for the financial period in divider

every year
“The Board of Directors’ proposal to the AGM on the dividend forthe

financial year, EUR 0.58 per share, corresponds to 50% of the

sult forthe financial period.

7

@ Market environment

Paperboards

Global megatrends pose requirements for the safety, quality, sustainability

and recyclabilty of packaging. Pure and easily recyclable fresh fi

‘aperboards made from renewable raw materials replace non-renewable

aging mat

jas lke plastic, The coronavirus pandemic shifted

consumption from services to goods and accelerated the demand for fresh
fibre paperboards in nearly all end uses. At
decline in the demand for consumer products, and the inventory adjust

snd of 2022, the general

ments made in the value chain reduced the demand for paperboards.

In adaition, the volumes of paperboard imported from Asia to Europe
increased towards the end of the year asthe gl

eased.

challenges in logistics

n2022, the deliveries of Eurapean folding boxboard and white
kraftiners to Europe decreased significantly from the previous year. Cor

‘espondingly, market prices increased notably. Mets Board accounted for

33% (34) of the averll deliveries of European folding boxboard prod
and for 5796

(66) of expor
Inthe United States, the 2022 prod
board for local consumption increased, and those of food servi

ts from Europe.

leached

jon volumes of so

increased notably compared tothe previous year. The market prices of
both solid bleached board and food service boards grew significantly.

Market pulp
Metsa Board andits associated company Matsa Fibre selimainly long-bre
pulpto Europe, the Mi

formarket pup wil

le East, Africa and Asia, In

he longrun, demand

supported by the global growth in demand fr

packaging and hygiene products made from renewable materials.
1n2022, the demand for long-fibre market pulp was mainly ata good

levelin Europe. In China, overall economic activity was weakened by

‘coronavirus measures, but the demand for pulp remained at a good

st

leven view of supply. In the last quarter, demand for market pullp declined
inboth Europe and China, The global supply for long-fibre market pulp

decreased due to several planned and unplanned prod
‘as wells challenges in logistics, which eased towards the end of the yea

Theprices of market pulp (PDX) increased from
Europe and China.

the previous yearin both

Wi Key figures

2022 2o2i 2020
Sales. EUR milion 20841
EBITDA, EUR millon 650

comparable, EUR malo

EBITDA, of sles
comparable, eo ales

Operating rest, EUR milion
comparable, EUR mao
comparable, bo ales

Rest before taxes, EUR milion
comparable, EUR mle
Rest for the period, EUR milion

comparable, EUR mo

amines per share EUR

13
220
Return on capital employed 8 2a
comparable 203
Equity ation 56 co ©
Net gearing. 6 4 v
Interest bearing net abit 02 o7
Shareholders’ equty per 586 389
Interest. bearing net iabites EUR millon 9s 2355
Tota nvestment, EUR millon 3041 1664
Net cash tow fom operations, EUR milion 220 m7
Personne 2208 2370
ll Delivery and production volumes
000 2022 2ozi 2020
Dalvery volumes
Folcing boxboard 208 296 12
White wattiner 609 or 87
Mesa Boars market pulp 508 498 si
Mes Fibre’ markt pulp 7 762 636
Production volumes
Folcing boxboard 1a are
White rating 605 eu
Mesa Boards pup 409 1362 aa
Mesa Fibres pulp ma 70 m2

B


--- Page 10 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent

0 the parent.
financial

The Board's proposal to the
Annual General Meeting

for the distribution of funds
Auditor's Report

Shares and

Governance

ement

Sales and result
Metsa Board's sales were EUR 2,479.6 million (2,084.1). Sales increased
due tothe higher average prices of paperboards and market pulp.

‘SALES SPLIT ‘SALES SPLIT
By PRODUCT BY REGION

Folding boxboard
Wt kattiner
Market pulp

“The comparable operating resuit was EUR 520.7 milion (386.6), and
the operating result was EUR 531, 5 milion (375 9). Items affecting com
parablity totalled EUR 10.8 millon inthe financial period. They comprised
EUR 19.2 milion from the sale ofthe share capital in Hango Stevedoring

a EUR 6:5 milion capital gain from the sale ofa land area unrelated to
business operations; EUR-5.5 million from therestructuring of customer
service and supply chain management; a EUR 2.8milion capital gain
‘lated to the divestment of shares; a EUR 1,0 milion impaitment recog
nised for Russian operations; a EUR -10.5rnilion impairment recognised
{or the Russian operations ofthe associated company Metsa Fibre: aEUR
4.2milion impairment recognised in the assets of Matsa Fibre’ Kyr0
EUR .3 milion for other items.

awe a

‘The comparable operating resuit improved especialy due tothe higher
‘average prices of paperboard. Higher market pulp prices and the sales
‘of by-products from pulp production also improved the operating result.
On the other hand, the lower paperboard delivery volumes weakened the
perating result,

Exchange rate fluctuations, including hedges, had a positive impact of
EUR 57 milion on the operating result compared to the compariso
Costs increased rapidly especially in chemicals, energy and logistics. In

chemicals, price increases were particularly notable for caustic soda, pe
oxides, starch and latexes. Energy costs were driven especially by higher
electricity prices. Logistics costs increased due tothe limited availabilty of
transport capacity and higher fuel prices. Wood costs increased because
ofthe rise in wood prices and harvesting and transport costs. Inthe paper
tthe

board business, profitability was weakened by higher pulp prices.

4

‘overall impact of pulp on Mets Board's result was markedly positive. The
general cost infation also affected fixed costs. In 2022. inflation accounted
{or approximately 209 of Metsa Board's overall costs.

Unused emissions allowances were sold for atotal of approximately EUR
29 milion during the year (1-12/2021: EUR 21 milion),

‘The associated company Mets& Fibre's share of Metsa Board's
comparable resuitin January-December was EUR 1747 milion (123.0),
Metsd Fibre’ profitability improved thanks to higher sales prices andthe
US dollar strengthening against the euro, which also con
strongly increased production costs.

Financial income and expenses totalled EUR -6 6 milion (10.0),
foreign exchange rate differences from accounts receivable, accounts
payable, financial items and the valuation of currency hedging instruments,
totaling EUR-5.0 millon (2.3). Atotal of EUR 8.2 millon of interest
alised in investment costs.

forthe

nsaté

ing

‘expenses for ongoing investments were:
‘Theresult before taxes was EUR 524.9 milion (365.8). The comparable
esult before taxes was EUR 514.6 milion (376.6). Income taxes amounted
to EUR63.5millon (1.8).
Earnings per share were EUR 115 (0.82). and comparable earnings
per share were EUR 1.13 (0.88). Thereturn on equity was 22.5% (19.4),
and the comparable return on equity was 22.0% (20.2). The return on
capital employed was 21.4% (18.2), and the comparable return on capital
employed was 20.9% (18.7)

I Business development

Paperboard sales
Metsa Board's paperboard deliveries in January-Decemnber totaled
1.817,000 tonnes (1-12/2021: 1,922,000).
Inthe comparison year 2021, paperboard delivery volumes were ata

ecordhigh and occasional exceeded Metsa Board's production capacity
‘The demand for paperboards remained exceptionally high nthe fst hafof
2022, but normalsedin the second haf of the year. The change ind

tof the year was driven bythe decreasing
cts and the inventory adjustments in the value

{or paperboards in thelatter ps
demand for consumer p
chain

Inthe first half ofthe year. Metsa Board intentionally Increased its very
low inventories, partly in preparation forthe investment shutdown of
Husum folding boxboard in the autumn 2023,

The fold

1g boxboard volumes previously directed to Russia were

successfully reallocated tonew markets. In 2021, around 130,000 tonnes
of folding
The sales of di

board were delivered to Russia,

sion coated barrier bo:

produced in kyro folding
boxboard mill has been rapid. Metsa Board estimates that in2023 roughly
haif ofthe mill's production volume willbe dispersion coated barrier board,

‘The prices of paperboards continued to increase inthe fourth quarter. la
2022, the average prices of Metsa Board's paperboai
by approximately 25% from the previous year. The strengthening ofthe US
dolar against the euro contributed to the increase

eased

Market pulp sales
Metsa Board's market pulp deliveries totalled 503,000 tonnes (496,000)
in January-December. the EMEA region accounting fr 72% (66), andthe
APAC region for 28% (34)

The 23s

sted company Metsa Fibre's overall paperboard deliveries,
totalled 2,880,000 (3,058,000) tonnes, of which 54% was delivered to
the EMEA region, 43% to the APAC region, and 3% to the Americas. Mets
Board holds 24.9% of Metsa Fibre,

Paperboard, pulp and BCTMP production

The production volume of paperboard totalled 1,877,000 tonnes
(2,906,000), while the combines production volume of pulp and BCTMP
amounted to 409,000 tonnes (1,362,000), Paperboard production was

restrictedin the latter part of the year to meet demand. The combined

production volume of pulp and BCTMP was at arecord high in 2022.
in2021, aire

roke out onthe chip conveyor of the Husum pulp mil,
tion for around four weeks. Paperboard
production was run ata lower-than-normal

closing Husum's pulp prodk

acy following the pulp
ril's shutdown. The production losses resulting from the fire amounted to
roughly 50,000 tonnes in pulp and roughly 30,000 tonnes in paperboard,

Corporate transactions
(On January 2022, Metsa Board acquired allthe shares in Hameenkyron
Voima Oy held by Poholan Voima Oyj and DL Power Oy, part of Leppakosk

Group. The company was merged with the parent company inthe third
quarter. The arrangement wll nothave a significant impact on Mets
Board's key financial figures.

The share capital of Mets& Board's subsidiary Oy Hango Stevedoring

[Ab was sold to Euroports Finland Oy on 31 March 2022. The company rec:
ogniseda capital gain of EUR 19.2 milion inits January-March operating
result as an item affecting comparability

Impacts of Russia's war in Ukraine
Russia's attack on Ukraine in early 2022 has hi

janimpact on Mets

Board's business operations. In 2021, Russia acc
Ukraine for 0.7%, of Metsa Board's sales. Folding bos
Russia were approximately 130,000 tonnes in 2021, mainly to multinational

-ounted for 5.6%, and
ard deliveries to

brand owners. In March 2022, Matsa Board discontinued its sales to
Russia, and realloc

he delivery volumes toits main markets Europ

and North Ameria.
‘Metsa Group, responsible for Metsa Board's wood procurement,
dliscontinuedits wood procurement from Russia in March and focused it on
Finiand and Sweden. In 2021, Russian wood accounte
996 of Metsa Board's wo

for approximately
upply. Imports from Russia have been mainly
birch wood, for which the market situation has tightened throughout Metsa

Group's operating area
In May, Russia hal

iatural gas supplies to Finland. Prior to this, Mets
Board's Joutseno BCTMP mill andthe Tako and kyr
Used natural gas imported from Russian their prodk

roard mils
tion, Despite the

halt to deliveries from Russia, the mills have been supplied with natural gas
without disr

ion. Natural gas has also been replaced by ol

luring
the first quarter in2023, the company will have the readiness to use LNG

ints Kyro and Joutseno mils

straints in the availabilty of alternative
energy sources could affect the continuity of Metsa Board's production. tn
the long term. by the end of 2030 at the last, Metsa Board's target is that
allthe energy ituses will be fossil free.

Impacts of COVID-19

‘The pandemic shifted c

sumption from services to goods and increased
the consumption of products used at home. Metsa Board's paperboard
product portfolio responded wellto the changes in demand resulting from
the pandemic, and strong cash flow supported the financial flexlity
Metsa Board's production and deliveries ran smoothly during the
pandemic

Most of the strict precautionary measures adopted at Metsa Board's
production and office units during the pandemic were mainly completely
lifted during the second half of the year. The company continues its efforts
toensure the healt of employees, prevent the spread of the virus and
secure business continuity. The situation is monitored continuously, and
local precautionary measures can be quickly initiated ifrequired. From
2023 onwards, the development of the COVID-19 andits effects will only
be reported i they have a material impact on Metsa Board's business or
financial situation

Cash flow

Net cash flow from operations in January-December 2022 was EUR 232.0,
million (1-12/2021: 329.6). Working capital increased by EUR 151.4 milion
(decreased of 49.5). The increase in working capital derived from the
increase in paperboard inventories, arse in inventory value due to cost
inflation, and the increase in trade receivables resulting from the higher
prices of finish

oducts,

@ Balance sheet and financing

Metsd Board's equity ratio at the end ofthe financial period was 66% (31
December 2021: 63) and the net gearing ratio was 496 (-4). The ratio of
interest-bearing net lablties to comparable EBITDA in the previous 12
months was 0.2 (0.2).

At the end ofthe financial period, interest-bearing liabil-ties totalled
EUR 453.0 milion (31 December 2021: 448.6). Non-euro-denominated
loans accounted for 2.0% of loans and floating-rate loans for 13.9%, the
rest being fixed-rate loans. The average interest rate on liabilties was 2.296
(@.3), and the average maturity of non-current lablities was 4.0 years (47).
‘The interest rate maturity of loans was 36.1 months (45.3).

At the end ofthe financial period interest-bearing net debt totall
94.5 million (31 December 2021: 78.4,

Metsa Board's liquidity has remained strong. At the end of the financial
period, the available liquidity was EUR 56,0 milion (31 December 2021
916.0), consisting ofthe following terns: quid assets and investments of
EUR 356,2 milion and a syndicated credit facility (revolving credit facility)
of EUR 200.0 milion. Of the liquid assets, EUR 338.6 million consisted of
short-term de-posis with Metsa Group Treasury, and EUR 176 mi-lion were
cash funds and investments. Other interest-bearing receivables amounted

UR

conn AIMUALAND SUSTARABLTYREORTaaz 75



--- Page 11 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent

Notes to the parent:
financial

The Board's proposal to the
Annual General Meeting

for the distribution of funds
Auditor's Report

Shares and

Governance

ement

t0EUR 24 milion. n addition to items reported as
sented by Metsa Group'sinternal un-drawn short-term

Credit facility of EUR 150.0 milion and undrawn pension premium (TVEL)
funds of EUR 2275 millon,

‘The fair value of other non-current investments was EUR 345.4 milion
at the end of the financial period (31 December 2021: 181.0).The change
in value was related tothe increase inthe fair value of Pohjolan Voima
Oy's shares, which was caused by updating the long-term electricity price
forecast used in the share valuation mode!

At the end of the financial period, an average of 8.5 months of the net fo
eign currency exposure was hedged. including the h
sheet position of trade receivables and trade payables.

Metsd Board has investment grade crecit ratings by S&P Global and
Moody's Investor Service. In December 2022 Moody's upgraded Metsa
Board's rating to Baa2 (was 8223), with stable outlook (was positive). The
company’s rating by S&P Globalis BBB-, with a stable outlook.

ngof the balance

i Investments

Investments during the financial period totalled EUR 304.1 milion
(1-12/2021: 220.2), with growth and development investments accounting
{or 74%, acquired business operations for 10%, and maintenance invest
ments for 16%. Out of tal investments, the company's own property.
plant and equipment amounted to EUR 278.1 milion (216.1) and leased
property, plant and equipment to EUR 26.1 (4.1). Inthe latter. the most
significant item was the machinery and equipment for the boiler plant from
the acquisition of Hameenkyran Voima Oy, totaling EUR 12.0 millon,

Renewal of the Husum pulp mill
Metsa Boardintiated the first phase ofthe renewal ofthe Husum pulp mil
in2019. The fst phase included new recovery boiler and turbine. By the
end ofthe financial period, the investments made inthe project totaled
EUR 370 milion The total investment value ofthe st phases estimated
tebe EUR 380 milion

Thenew recovery boiler and turbine wil increase the pulp mil’s
tricity production. which wil improve the energy selt-surticiancy of
the integrated ill and bring Mets Board closer tots goa of completely
{ossifree production by 2030, The new recovery boiler and turbine wil also
/educe the energy and maintenance costs of theitegrated mil. improve
production efficiency and shorten the duration of annual maintenance

works. The investment is expected to improve Mets Board's annual cash
flow by approximately EUR 35 millon, of which at least half is expected to
be realisedin 2023,

‘The planis to replace the current fibre lines with anew fibre line during
the second phase of the investment, later in the 2020s,

Development programme of the Kemi paperboard mill
in 2021, Metsa Board intiated the development programme forthe Kem
paperboard mil which wilinrease the mils annual wite-topkraftiner
capacity by around 40,000 tonnes. The company estimates that invest
ment value ofthe programme, originally EUR 67 milion, wile highes

76

to, among other things, rapid cost inflation. The investments will take pl
in2021-2028.

“The programme includes a series of modernisation and bottleneck
Investments in the paperboard production lin. As partof the programme,
‘Metsa Board will also buy a modernised production line for unbleached
pulp from Metsa Fibre. The production line's annual capacity is roughly
180,000 tonnes. The development programme will reduce the mil’s water
se by 40% and energy use by 5% per tonne of paperboard produced,

Increasing the production capacity
of folding boxboard in Husum

‘Metsa Board will increase its annual production ca

ty of folding
bboxboard by 200,000 tonnes at the Husum integrated millin Sweden.
Following the investment, the production capacity of folding boxboard of
the BM! willbe 600,000 tonnes per year. The value of the investment is
approximately EUR 210 milion. It will take place in 2021-2024, mainly in
2022 and 2023.

The investment is expected to inc
‘approximately EUR 200 milion and improve annual comparable EBITDA by
‘approximately EUR 50 milion. The company expects to achieve the growth
‘and improved result in fullin 2026,

Due tothe growing logistics volumes of the Husum integrated mil, the
port concept will also be renewed, The value ofthe investments stll partly
bing plannedis EUR 20-30 millon. The investments mainly target new
warehouse capacity, expected to be completed in 2023,

ase Metsa Board's annual sales b

Pre-engineering for new folding
boxboard mill in Kaskinen
inautumn 2022, Mets Boa

re-engineering for anew folding
city of
In Kaskinen, The pre-engineering includes technical design, infrastructure
‘and logistics solutions, and tendering forthe main equipment. In addition,
‘anenvironmental impact assessment (EIA) and an environmental permit
process are ongoing, Apotential investment decision could be made in
2024 at the earliest

boxboard mill with an annual ;oximately 800,000 tonnes,

Metsé Fibre’s Kemi bioproduct mill

Metsa Board's associated company Metsa Fibre is building a new bioprod:
uct millin Kemi. The mills expected tobe completed in 2023. The new
bioproduct milwill produce annually some 1.5 milion tonnes of softwood
‘and hardwood pulp as well as other bioproducts.

‘The pulp production capacity includes the existing pulp production
line for unbleached pulp used in he production of white kraftinr, with an
‘annual eapacity of roughly 180,000 tonnes. The new mill wil replace the
current pulp millin Kemi, with an annual capacity of about 610,000 tonnes.

The bioproduct millwill not use any fossil fuels, and its electricity

self-sufficiency willbe 250%.
‘The estimated investment value of Metsa Fibre'sbioproduct millis EUR
2.02 bilion (Interim report for January-September 2022: EUR 1.85 billor)
The financing of bioproduct millis composed of internal financing and debs
‘Metsa Board will ntinvest equity in Metsa Fibre to finance the project.

R&D and innovation

InMetsa Board's RED. ensuring and developing the recyclabilty and
compostabilty of paperboardsis of key importance. In the fbre-based
packaging material circular economy, the company’s taskis to provide
the market with premium fresh fibre paperboards as resource-etticiently
as possible, contribute tothe replacement of fossi-based materials and
reduce the carbon footprint of packaging.

The con

ny continues to focus on reducing the weight of paperboard
and developing recyclable protective coatings for use in food packaging

The weight reduction of paperboards plays a key ole in the pre-engineering
of the Kaskinen folding boxboa!
efficiency and a product that enables a reduced carbon footprint. The mil is
designed to run fully fossil free production with notably lower wood, energy
and water consumption per tonne of folding boxboard produced compared
to

nil, which aims for world-class resour

surrently operating pr

inthe biobarrier programme launched in 202, the company continued
to study new alternative products for reducing plastic. Several potential
products are being tested in the laboratory, and some have proceeded to
production testing.

in2022, Mets Board's 360 Services systern was used actively to
strengthen customer relationships. The Excellence Centre in Aanekoski
hosted 45 packaging development workshops.

The production of Metsa Group's 30 fibre product began in May 2022
at Mets Group and Valmet's demo plant in Aanekoski. The products are
pressed into their final form using brand new technology. The renewable
and recyclable product isa good alternative to plastic in food packaging, for

ction units,

In 2022, Mets Board's research and development expenses totalled
EUR 6.1 milion (6.0), F 0.2% (0.3) of sales. The costs include direct
expenses, excluding depreciations and operational investments.

Disclosure of non-financial information

Business model
Metsa Boardis part of Metsa Group, and benefits from Metsa Group's
Unique value chain, from pure northern fibre to end products. The company

produces premium recyclable fresh fibre paperboards, used
consumer product packaging, Mets Board's eight prod
located in Finland and Sweden, clase to its main raw material high-quality
northern wood fibre. The raw wood is sourced centrally through Metsa
Group, mainly from Finland and Sweden. The wood is sourced only
from forests, in which the regeneration ofthe forests and biodiversity is
safeguarded. This explained in more detailin the section Environment
Forests and raw materials. Most of the wood purchasedin Finland comes.
from forests ownedby Metsalitto Cooperative’s owner-members. In
‘Sweden, the company has a long-term wood delivery agreement with the
‘Swedish forest owner cooperative Norra Skog

Metsa Board owns 24.9% of its associate company Metsa Fibre, Mets
joduction and holding in Metsa Fibre together secure

jonunits are

Board's own pul

the company’s self-sufficiency in pulp and ensure end products of consist
ently high quality

Metsa Board's decision-making. guided by financial and sustainability
targets and long-term, responsible growth of shareholder value. Climate
change mitigation and efficient use of resources are an integral part of the
mpany's strategy and operational business. Metsa Board's goalis to
have fossil free production and products by the end of 2030. Lightweight,
recyclable and/or compostable produ
ciently have a low carbon footprint, support the circular economy a
alternatives to plastics. For example, a Mets Board cherry tomato box
‘made from paperboard has a carbon footprint up te 80% lower than
made from recycled plastic, according to an independent study (Source:
Natural Resources Institute Finland). Meeting ambitious targets will
investments, operational development and introduction of new solutions.
For more information on sustainability targets, see the section on Materia
aspects related to non-financial information,

cts that are produced resource-effi

er

Sustainability governance
Work at Metsa Boards guided by Metsa Group's Code of Co
mented by policies concerning personnel, equality, environmental matters,
competition law andinormation security, among other things. AllMetsa
Board mils apply quality, occupational heath and safety, environmental
and energy efficiency management systems as wellas the management
and moritaring system required by fod safety
AtMetsa Board, the realisation of sustainability is supported and
monitored the company’s Board of Directors, CEO and Corporate Man
agement Team, Sustainability i incorporated into the company’s strategy
long term business andinvestment plans risk assessments and annual
action plans approved by the company's Boardof Directors. The Board
ses and approves sustainably topies presented by the CEO, such
as sustainabilty targets and related investment plans, 2
implementation. Sustainabiity topes are regularly discussed by Metsa
Board's Corporate Management Team and Board of Directors severaltimes
a year. The CEO is responsibe for implementing sustainability measures
inaccordance with the instructions given bythe Board of Directors. The
SVP, Development, responsible for research and development, business
development and sustainability. and participatesin Mets Group’ Sus
tainabilty Process Management Team andreports on the realized results
of the sustainably measures tothe Sustainabilty Process Management
“Team quarterly. Each Metsa Board employee's performance bonus target
includes a measurable sustainability target, whichis defined on aperson:
or untspecific basis based on the ob function. in 2022, the management's
sustainability targets nc
and water use, sustainabilty cooperation with customers and development

it, comple

nonitors their

\ded occupational safety, reduction of energy

of sustainable products. For a more detailed

scription of sustainability
‘management and the link between sustainability and remuneration, see
Metsd Board's Sustainability Report 2022 pages 20-21.

conno AUALAND SUSTARAOLTYREORTan 77



--- Page 12 ---

Reporting principles and data quality
The reporting of non-inancialinformation covers the entire Metsa Board
Corporation ine

indirectly hal
per cent ofits associated comp:

ng.all companies in which Metsa Board directly or

96 of the votes. Metsa Board owns 249
ny, Metsa Fibre, and financial reporting
Fire's result corresponding to this holding. In
ng, this ownership share of Metsa Fibre's sustain

information is not included in Metsa Board's sustainability information,

ids more than,

Business operations

i includes a share of M
and value creation

non-tina

repor ity

with the exception of Metsa Fibre's

Land Scope 2 emissions, which

Sustainability report

are taken

Environmental data are compiled from the operations of the p

ts Personnel data are compiled for al Mets Board employees.
In adaition to Metss Board's own operations, the reporting covers

indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the purchased energy (Scope

2) and from the rest ofthe value chain (Scope 3), including upstream

and downstream emissionsin the GHG Protocol's emission categories

90 Consolidated statement of identified as significant in the n be found

comprehensive inc: inthe Environment - Climate and energy section. Mets Board also reports

‘accountin Mets Board's value chain emissions (Scope 3).
auction

Financial development
72 Reportof the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

lation. More informatio

o1 te indicators on the sustainability performance ofits suppliers. Amore
92 : a detailed description of the reporting principles canbe foundin Mets
Boara's Sustainability Report 2022 on pages 66-67

93 Co te ement All data included in the tables pertaining non-financial information
94. ‘and the EU taxonomy have been assured (limited assurance) by an
independent third party Pricew
94 performed in accordance with the international assurance standards ISAE
96 a 3000 (Revised) andISAE 3410. The assurance report is published in Metsa

99 3 Board's Sustainability Report 2022.0n page 68.

houseCoopers Oy. The assurance was

ne Material aspects related to non-financial information

Promoting sustainability includes complying with good corporate govern

133 ‘ance, carrying social and environmental responsiblity. cespecting business
135

40

and human rights, and continuous improvement inl these areas. In
addition toits own operations, Metsa Board requires sustainability romits,
supply chain. Metsa Board's sustainability targets cover the environment,

social responsibilty and governance. These and other key performance

Parent company m
financial statements indicators are surnmarized inte table Non financial key figures. The

targets are based on Mets Board's business strat

4A1_ Parent company ay. Metsa Group's
income statement
342. Parent company b:

143

strategic sustainability targets and a materiality analysis completed in

2018. The materiality analysis considered the impacts of the Mets Board

144

The Board's proposal t
Annual General Meeting
for the distribution of funds

157 Auditor's Report

161 Shares and

165

166

167 Taxes and key figures

Governance
78

‘and the entire Metsa Group's operations on society and the environment,
‘and stakeholder perspectives. According:

material sustainability topics were: safety at work, local and social impact,

he materiality analysis, the

sustainable forest management, resource efficiency, renewable energy
‘emissions to air and water, water use, circular economy and new bioprod:

responsible supply chain and product safety.
The material

ty analysis and material topics were updated in 2022. The

\dentitication of material su

pics was based on sustainability

{rameworks and standards, regul

'y requirements, trends, and
interviews with internal and external stakeholders. The identified topics

were prioritized in a management's workshop, where the significance
fe and negative impacts on Mets& Board and the entire
eople andnature the
‘so-called “double materiality") was assessed. Metsalitto Cooperative's
al topies and the sustainability
2030 targets in the beginning of the year 2023. Mets Board will eport in
accordance with the updated material topies and clarified sustainability
targets starting from the reporting of 2023 data

of their po:

Metsa Group's business, the surrour

Board of Directors confirmed the m:

Risks related to non-financial information
‘Therisks related to environmental, personnel and social issues, respect
forhuman rights as wells the anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities

are described in more detail in the Board of Directors’ Report in the section
Most significant risks and uncertainties. The key risks are related to climate
change and biodiversity ass, which at Metsa Board in particular affect
theuse of forests, energy and water. For these, the company has sus:
tainabilty targets by the end of 2030, and their achievernent is regularly
monitored, The achievements are reported in the table Non-financial key
figures. Metsa Board reports on climate-related risks and opportunities
inaccordance with the recommendations of TOFD (Task Farce on

cial Disclosures). Climate risks are divided into 1)

the risks arising from the transition to alow

Climate-related Fina

transitionrisks, ie
‘economy and2) phy: involve changes in temperatures and
tation, and which wil arise cimate change is not mitigated. A table
(of the TOFD-compliant reporting is published on pages 64-65 of Mets
Board's Sustainability Report 2022 and the TOFD-compliant risks and
opportunities elated to climate change and biodiversity oss are described
‘on pages 36-37.

risks, wl

Non-financial key figures

2022 2ozi Target 2030
Environment

Share of cert wood re, 82 90
Troceablty ofa materas, % of otal purchases 97 100
Share of fossil re raw materials and packaging materials, % of dy tor 93 100
Direct fssi-based CO, emisions (Scope, 236037

Inet foss-based CO, emissions (Scape 2, market-based). M7061 134

Inazectfoss-based CO, emissions (Scape 2 location-based) paras 313030

Indest fossil nased CO, emissions (Scape 3),¢ 1.816979 254840

Share of target group suppliers who have set STi targets (Scope 3)
cope 1 +2, market based), % a 35 100

2 fom 2018 vel. 127 a3 10
Reductionin the use of process water per produced tonne compared to 2018 eve. 86 122

9% 99

Shave of fsa ree energy (S

Improvement in energy tf

100

Social responsibility and personnel

Total Recordable jury Frequency (TRIF per millonhours worked 67 98
Lost time aceident frequency (LTAIF per min hous worked! 54 70
Share of women in executive management (ice Present or high) by 202 50 92

Divert, equality anc inclusion learning completion rate 8 9 100
Women's total earnings compared to men’ total earings for white-olars/bue-colars 095/094 10
Anth-coruption, antl- bribery and corporate culture

Code of Conduct e earning completion ate, 6 100 99 100
Ethics ico ofthe ethics barometer, 85 100
Supplers' commitment tothe Supplier Code of Conduct. total purchases 9 100
Suppler background check passed of total purchases 96 100
Supplersustanbity assessment passed, Sof total purchases es 100

Environment Forests and raw materials
Metsa Boara's operations related to eaviconment follow the following Metsa Boara’s wood supply s carried out by Metsa Group's wood suf

policies, principles and management systems:
Metsa Group's Code of Conduct

and forest services. The wood fibre'ssustainablity and traceability are

{ensured by practices which meet the requirements ofthe PEFC Chain
Metsa Group's Supplier Code of Conduct

Metsa Group's Environmental Policy

Mets& Group's principles of environmental management

Metsa Group's principles for forest use and management

of-Custody and FSC* Chain-of- Custody systems. These practices are
assessed annually through Mets Group's internal audits and thea
audits. These audits monit ty

iers and harvesters, as wellas the

‘environmental and social responsibi
issuesiin the operations of wood sup

1s. 9001 traceability of wood fibre in our own processes.
'so14o01 ‘Metsa Board aims for certified wood to account for atleast 90% of al
180 50001 the wood fibre used by the company by 2030. in 2022, 83% (83) of the

EFC (License code: PEFC/02-31-92)
FSC° (License code: FSC*-CO01580)
UN Global Compact

wood fibre came from PEFC- or F

certified fore

and 17% (17) mat

the requirements for PEFC or FSC controlled wood. Metsa Group's wood

‘supply and forest services have targets for the end of 2030 to increase

the amount of carbon sequestered in fore

and wood products and to
est biodiversity. Mets Group regularly monitors indicators
suchas the increase of forest management services that promote carbon

safeguar

METSAoRRD ANNUALAND SUSTANABLITYRGPORT=022 79


--- Page 13 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

et

pital
pital structure
nd financial riskst

come taxes

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent

Notes to the parent:
financial

The
Annual General Meetin

for the distribution of funds
Auditor's R

Shares and

Governance

‘sequestration and the prevalence of high biodiversity stumps and retention
trees that improve forest biodiversity. For more information on these, see
Metsa Board's Sustainability Report 2022 pages 26-29.

Regarding other raw materials the systematic collection of origin
data continues te in2022, the origin. at least the country
‘of manufacture, was known for 979 (38) ofthe total purchases of raw
materials and packaging materials, including fully traceable wood. The
proportion of fossil free raw material, including the packaging materials of
the company’s own products, was 99.3% (99.2)

Climate and energy
Metsa Board's targets frre
approved by the Science Based Targets itiatve (SBT) and ae intine

with the Business Ambition for L.5°C commitment. Metsa Board aims to

ng greenhouse gas emissions are

se only fossil free energy by the end of 2030. In essence. thisrefers toa

situation ia which the company's mills do not use fossil fuels or purchase
energy generated with fossil fuels, meaning thatthe target for fossi-based
CO, emissions (Scope land Scape 2, market-based) is zero,

In. 2022, 87% (85) ofthe energy used by Mets Board was fossil free.
‘The company has reduced its fossi-based CO, emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
per tonne produced by 33% in 2018-2022. To achieve the fossilfree target.
the company has drawn up an investment and action plan ap to
allits mils. In2022, the new recovery boiler and the turbine at the Husum
pulp mil started up increasing bioenergy production and improving the
ciety self-sutficiency ofthe entie integrate. Other key measures
during the year included the reduction of peat use t the Simpele mill and
the investment decision to replace the turbine and generator at the Kyro
mil’s biopower plant in 2022-2024

Despite the end of natural gas supplies from Russia, Metsa Board's Jout-
‘Seno, Kyro and Tako mills have been operating without disruptions. Natural
{gas has been partially replaced by oll and the Kyro and Joutseno mills are
feady to switch to LNGin the frst half af 2023. The use of substitute energy
Sources will not slow down Mets Board's target of a phased transition to
completely fossil free energy (Scope 1 and 2) by the end of 2030,

‘The fossil free production target is supported by energy efficiency
improvements, where the company aims to achieve atleast a 10%
improvement in 2018-2030. In 2022, energy efficiency improved by 2.79%
(4.3) compared to 2018. The change compared to corresponding year was
due to the adjustment of production to meet demand at the end of 2022,
in 2022 includedan investment

Key measures to improve energy efficie
inalamella separator forthe chemical purification of water used as process
water at the Kyro mill,as well as the introduction of aheat exchanger and
lization of waste heat in the debarking plant ofthe Simpele mill. Both
measures reduce raw water intake and the need for water heating, thus

feducing water and energy use.
For the value chain (Scope 3), Metsa Board's Science Based Target is
that 70% ofits non-fibre suppliers and ofthe logistics operators related to
its customer deliveries, measured as a share of the company’s purchasing
costs, set themselves targets in accordance with SBTi by 2024. The recom:
mendation to set SBT targets is included in Mets Group's Supplier Code
‘of Conduct andi ler meetings. By the end of 2022, 15%
(16) of the suppliersin Metsa Board's SBT target group had set atarget
In 2023-2024, Mets Board will update ts value chain related emission

cussedin su

80

reduction targets and also set a land use related emission reduction target.
the so-called FLAG target.
Value chain emissions (Scope 3) account for 83% of Metsa Board's

fossil greenhouse gas emissions. Scope 3 emissions are calculated for

all GHG Protocol's emission categories ident

3s significant, inch

purchased goods and services, capital goods, fuel-and energy-related
‘activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2) transportation to Mets
Board's sites, waste generated in operations, transportation to customers,
processing of sold products, end-of-life treatment of sold products, and
investments. More detailed description ofthe greenhouse gas emissions
from Metsa Board's own operations (Scope ), purchased energy (Scope 2)
‘and the value chain (Scope 3) can be found in Mets Board's Sustainablity
Report 2022 on page 33.

Water use, discharges and side streams
Metsa Board does not source any wate from areas ofigh water stress
(WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas), Metsa Board's water use in 2022 was
110 milion cubie metres (115), of which 60.2 milion cubic metres (59.6)
unted for almost 100% of water

was process water. Surface water 2
Use. Small amounts of groundwater (0.06% of water use) were used.
‘mainly for hygiene and laboratory purposes. Of al the water usedtby the
is returned to the waterbodies after use. The

company, roughly 96
target isto reduce the use of process water by 30% per tonne produced in
2018-2030. In 2022, the reduction was 12.296 (12.6) compared to 2018,
Toreduce its water use, Metsa Board has defined mill-specific measures to
Increase the efficiency of water recycling and to reduce raw water intake
The Husumintegrated mill accounts for roughly 40% of the company's
water use, Therefore, the renewal ofthe Husum pulp millwill significantly
reduce Metsa Board's water use by 2030. Measures related to the redue-
tion of water use in 2022 are explained in the section Environment - Climate
and energy

Metsa Board uses the best availabe technology nits production and
continuously monitors that all its mills operate in compliance with the
ewironmental permits issued to them, In 2022, some exceedings of permit
limit values for wastewater discharges were recorded at the production
ted to the authorities 2s required and corrective
‘actions were taken atthe mills.

199.9% (99.89 ofthe production side streams were utilised as materials,
or energy. The side streams consist of process waste generated in produc
tion and by-products such as ash for fertlser use.

sites, These were

Environmental responsibilities and obligations
Metsa Board has environmental ibis elated to former operations at
sites thathave sine been closed, sold o leased, as well as at decommis-
sloned lana sites, Financial provisions fr the cot of and rehabilitation

le to measure the compa
environmental

work have been made where ithas been possi
ny's liability for land contamination. Metsa Bos
in2022 totalled EUR 2.0 milion (2.7) andits environmental expenses
totalled EUR 11.7 millon (13.3). The environmental expenses consist mainly
of using and maintaining environmental protection equipment, waste
‘expenses, and the depreciation

ities

‘management and environmental insura

of capitalised environmental expenses.

Social responsibility
Mets8 Bo:
the fllowing policies, principles and management systems
Metsa Group's Code of Concuct
Metsa Group's Supplier Code of Conduct
Equality Policy
HR Policy
Occupational Safety and Wel-being instructions
18045001
Metsa Group Modern Slavery Act Trans
UN Global Compact

‘sonnel matters folow

operations related to social an

Statement

Human rights
Metsa Bo:

/espects internationally recognised human rights in alits,

‘operations, in accordance with the UN Universal Declaration of Hurnan
Rights and the International Labour Organisation's (ILO) Fundamental

Principles and Rights at Work. The company complies with legal reporting
obligations, such as the UK Madern Slavery Act, and does not tolerate child
or forced labour. The company is committed to op
with the UN Gi

ating ince
ng Principles on Business and Human Rights and expects
supports the UN

Global Compact initiative and its principles on human rights, labour, the

its business partners todo the same. Mets Bo:

environment and anti-corruption,
Metsa Board does not tolerate human rights abuses in any form andi

committed to ensuring that its operations donot have negative human

rightsimp

's, Human rights issues are addressed, among athers, which
te on a regular basis. Such trainings
ct, sustainability, as well as diversity, quality

jredtocon
include the Code of Co

and inclusion

In the company’s own operations. investments in occupational safety
aswell as the development of diversity, equality and inclusion were key
‘measures affecting the realisation of human rights in 2022.

The Supplier Cade of Conduct sets out requirements for suppliars to
fulfil their human rights responsibilities. The company mapped potential
human rights risks related tits supply chain or customers as part of Know
Your Business Partner background checks. In2022, the company was not

‘aware of any human rights violations relat

to its operations or supply

Metsa Board is committed to developing an equal culture where personal
characteristics such as gender, age, ethnic background, sexual orientation
ordis

Metsa Bo:

ity do not affect a person's ability to succeed in the workplace.

fomotes diversity, equality a

nclusion ofits employees
«din 2021, and through the equality
targets. The targets support, among other things, gender equality inthe

through the Metsé for Al vision, launc!

work community and diversity in recruitment. Key
are reported n the table Non-financial key figures.

Personnel and safety at work

Atthe end of 2022, the number of fulltime equivalent (FTE) employees
was 2,248 (21 December 2021: 2,389), of whom 1.226 (1.416) were
employedin Finland. In Jaruary-December, Metsa Board employed an
average of2.352 people I-12/2021: 2.461). The changes the number
of employees were mainly due tothe sale of Oy Hango Stevedoring Ab

to Euroports Oy in the first quarter of 2022. Personnel expenses fo

January-December totalled EUR 217.4 milion (216.0). Mets Board aims
toensure the availabilty and retention of skilled personnel by investing
inemployer image, development programmes and succession planning
Future retirements are prepared for via retirement forecasts and resource

plans based on those. The train

smpany also organises apprenticest

ing in Finiand, aiming to recruit future personnel, and the millunits invest in
on-the-job learning and the sharing of know-how. The risks related to staff
availabilty and retention are anticipated through early support
and solutions between tng possible
working capacity risks, and targeting guidance and support to risk groups.

smployees, anti

supervisors a

The company conducts a personnel survey, measuring job satisfaction,
and an ethics barometer, measuring the personnels view on the realisation
ofthe Code of Conduct in practice, in alternate years. The result of the
ethics barometer, an ethies index of 85% (2020: 85), shows that there is

high level of awareness of ethical requirements, personnel feel the issue
‘ant and that the company is acting ethically and correctly, There
Js room for improvement in the equal treatment of personnel and in the
culture of having the courage to report and address unethical behaviour.
‘Mets Board's aims for an accident free working environment. In

developing occupational safety the focus is on personal risk assessment,
improving safety at work and introducing common safety-at-work
standards. The measures contributed to.apositive development of work
safety at Metsa Board's mills in 2022, but the accident frequency rateis
stillhigh compared to the zero target. In 2022, the Total Recordable Injury
Frequency (TRIF) was 6:7 (9.8) while the Lost-time accident frequency
(CTAIF) was 5.4 (70). The most
tohands. Accidents are prevented through common safety-at-work stand:
ards, proactive measures ~ such as risk assessment, safety observations,
safety walkthroughs and safety training ~ a
safety. All Metsa Board mills and the company's head office apply the SS
‘method, which aims to increase productivity, safety and wellbeing at work

Due to the corona pandemic, remote working was extended until
‘summer 2022 for those jobs where possible. From August 2022. a hybrid
Iced, whereby remote working can take place part of the
week, depending on the nature of the work.

mmon causes of accidents were injuries

avestments improving

‘model was intoc

Anti-corruption, anti-bribery and corporate culture
Metsa Board's operation related to anti-corruption, ant-bribery and
corporate culture follow the following polices, principles and management
systems:

Metsa Group's Code of Conduct

Metsa Group's Supplier Code of Conduct
IN Global Compact

Metsa Bo: ‘sonnel to comply with applicable legislation,
act with integrity and make ethically sustainable decisions. The Code of
Conduct and the related training programme aim to strengthen the culture
wel identify ethically challenging sit.
Luations and to encourage them reporting any shortcomings they observe.
The company’s personnel are required to attend training on the Code of
Conduct every three years. By the end of 2022, 70% of the company’s
personnel had completed the onlin training onthe Code of Conduct
published in November 2022. The previous version of the corresponding
online training was complated by 100% (99) af the personnel. The Code ot

pects itp

of doing the right thing, to help perso

conn mMUALaND susTaRAaLiTYREORT2az BL



--- Page 14 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent company
income statement

Parent company balan

Note:
financial

The Board's proposal t
Annual General Meeting
for the distribution of funds
Auditor's Report

Shares and

Taxes and key figures

Governance

ement

Conduct also includes a commitment to ant-cortuption and ant-bibery
In the ethics barometer conducted in 2022 surveying the implementation

ofthe Code of Conduct in practice the risk of financial misconduct aid not

emerge

Compliance and Ethics channel

Metsa Group has a joint Compliance and Et

ies Channel through which

personnel and

keholder representatives can anonymously report any
shortcomings they detect. The rep: ‘omings is encour
‘aged. for example, in the Code af Conduct online training. Alllreaches and
.é breaches and violations, brought to the
ntion of the company are investi
‘esponsible for guiding andimplementing the investigation. In 2022, Metsa
Board received a total of 6 (10) cases that led to an investigation. The cases
ibery

Violations, as well as suspecte

he Compliance Committee is

are categorised as fraud or other criminal activity, corruption a

competition law, conflicts of interest, human reso

issues.

nation, privacy and data security, work safety, environment, violations of
the Supplier Code of Conduct and other cases. None of the cases result

inlegal proceedings, administrative investigations or fines, nor dh

concer corruption, bribery, human rights violations,

Supply chain

Sustainability of wood pr

‘ements ensured through a process
described in the section Environment. The sourcing of other raw materials,
‘and servicesis centralised in Metsa Group, where Group-wide purchasing
process ensures that partners in the Group's supply chain act responsibly
ne suppl as those elated
tothe environment, health, corruption, child labour and human rights
Violations. Mets& Board's minimum requirement in supply agreernents

's that suppliers commit to Mets Group's Supplier Code of Cor
equivalent sup

‘This aims to minimise risks i ain, su

ctor

ier-specifc principles. n adation, the supply agreements

may contain other sustainability requirements. A risk analysis is carried

‘outas apart ofthe supplier selection process. It consi

rs the suppliers
with the law, Mets

country a

category risks as well as their complian:

Board conducts third-party due dligence in the Know Your Business,
Partner background check, which investigates a supplier's background for
trade sanctions, money laundering, corruption, human rights violations

and other key risks. Mets Board also has a similar

cess inplace for

customers. In

dition, the key suppliers and pote

ntaly risky suppliers
are subject

a sustainability assessment questionnaire. The results of
key figures. Mets Group
and external parties audit some of Mets Board's suppliers each yea

‘these canbe found inthe table Non-fina

Based on the assessments and aud

sults, suppliers are informed of
deviations and recommendations, and su

lers who are expected to
her sustainability management are followed up. In2022, Mets
142 (0) audits and external party 14 (17) at the premises of
Metsa Board's suppliers. In2022, Metsa Board cor

improve t
Group conduct

improvethe

traceability of raw materials, such as process, base and coating chemicals,
‘and packaging materials. The aim is ta make information on the country
of raw material production a more integral part of risk analyses to better
target supplier backgrour

thecks and auaits to suppliersin high-risk

‘countries. The identification of risk countries is basedon the CPI

corrup
tion perception index), which measures the level of corruption inthe public

sector indifferent countries.

82

The EU Taxonomy

General
‘The Taxonomy isa classification system fort
Regulation (EU) 2020/852, valid as ofthe beginning of 2022, which lists
qualify as sustain

ne financial market based on

interms ofthe climate a

‘economic activi
the environment. The goal of the Taxonomy is to channel money to sus-
tainable investments so that the EU can achieve the ambitious emissions
eduction targets it has set for tse,

According to the European Commission, the Taxonomy is under cont
uous development. The Commission has prioritised the establishment of
criteria for economic activities that offer the greatest potential contribution
tothe climate and the environment. Mets Board's main business
‘operations, the paperboard and market pul
‘covered by the Taxonomy. The company’s Taxonomy-eligible and Taxono.

sinesses, are not currently

my-aligned economic activities, especially n sales and operating expenses,

unaware of the

only a minor share. Mets& Bo:
‘schedule and extent to which the Taxonomy’s scope may come to cover the

company’s main economic actvit
Metsa Board's key objectives include the mitigation of global warming

‘and adapting business

rations to a low-carbon future. The company
‘aims for entirely fossil ree production and products by the end of 2030.
nomy, Mets Board
{focuses in sustainable forest use and resource-efficient processes. In add

In accordance with the principles ofthe circular

tion. focuses on minimising waste and emissions and keeping materials
incirculation for along time. Mets Board's products offer an alternative to

products made from fossi-based raw materials.

Taxonomy reporting
‘The Taxonomy defines sic sustainable environmental objectives against
which efferent economic activities are assessed, These environmental
mate change mitigation: (b) imate change adapta
tion (6 the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources:

(@) the transition toa circular economy: (2) pollution prevention an
‘rol and (f) the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
For the 2022 financial period, Mets Board willdisclase information on its
Taxonomy-cligible and Taxonomy-aligned business operations in terms

of the climate objectives thats, climate change mitigation and climate

‘change adaptation. Business disclosures include the share of sales, capital
‘expenditure and operating expenses.

The Taxonomy-aligned disclosures indicate how the economic activity in
{question supports the confirmed environmental abjectives, An economic
activity is considered Taxonomy-aligned fit contributes substantially to
object
ion, erations must meet minimum,

‘one ofthe defined environment fos and causesno significant

harm to the other obj

social safeguards.

Mets Board's reporting principles

InitsTaxonomy-eligible sales, Metsa Boardincludes the product and

service sales included in Metsa Boar's reported sales, Te company’s
clude the sale of electricity produced with bio

Taxonomy-aligned sales
‘energy at the Husum pulp millunder category 4.20 Cogeneration otheat/
cool and power from bioenergy. Taxonomy-cligible sales under category

4.20 also include the sale of district heat produced atthe Simpele and kyro
power plants to neighbouring areas.

‘Metsa Board includes any additions to tangible and intangible
fixed assets in Taxonomy. eligible capital expenditure, including any
right-of use assets recognised based on long-term lease agreements.

Taxonomy-align

< capital expenditure includes investments in the renewal
ler and turbine under category 4,20
Cogeneration of heat/cool and power from bioenergy. Taxonomy: eligible
in the Simpele
and Kyro power plants under category 4.20, as wellas maintenance

of the Husum pulp mill's recovery b

nance investment

3 expenditure also includes mai

investments in the Kaskinen power plant and chemicals recovery facility
unde:

1egory 4.24 Production of heat/coo! from bioenergy.
Metsa Board's Taxonomy: eligible operating expenses include research
and development costs recognised as expenses and the maintenance
costs of production units and property y
waste management and short-term lease agreements. The reported

plemner 1 costs of

expenditure includes both external service costs and the wages, including
indirect employee costs, ofthe company’s own personnel responsible fo

the listed activities, Taxonomy-aligne:

ating expenses include operat
ing expenses forthe recovery of chemicals and heat at the Husum pulp rl
Under category 4,20 Cogeneration of heat/cool and power from bioenergy.
‘operating expenses also include operating costs for
fer category 4.20 and operat
costs for the Kaskinen power plant and chemicals recovery facility unde
category 4.24

To avoid double reporting, external sales have been included in
9, measures have been adog

Taxonomy-eligi

the Simpete and Kyro power plants un ng

Tax

‘onomy operations only ance. In ad 0

ensure that capital expenditure and operating expenses are kept separate
for each operation

In Mets Board's opinion, the company meets the Taxonomy’s minimum
jal safeguat ‘cover human rights bribery and corruption, fair
competition and taxation. The company has reviewed each of these from

two perspectives: the presence of relevant processes and the
of infringements. For example, human rights due diligence is described in
greater detail under Social affairs and human rights and Ant-corruption

and anti-bribery activities and corporate culture.

Proportion of sales from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities

substan
centration
citer NSH eerie
i x
z z 1
gos if og oR Oe
3 5 & 7 2 oa @
2: 38 g 38 e $ 5 ZF By fi
at # fo Go: Go: gy
inh HH Pau: ih
Ezonomic activites 8 2 & se 2 53 $f & & st 2 #88 SS
eR
rilon % _% WM _YN_YN_WN_ WN WN WN _E
"ATAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
‘AL Environmental sustainable activities (Txonomy-algned)
Gezrronotesosansponertom 420, 10) 0% 100% yy y y
Sales of environmentally sstalnable low) ow =| 0%
activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) - o
‘A2 Taronomy Elbe but nt environmental sustainable ates (not Taxonomy-allgne aces)
Cerentino aa) ual om
Sales of Taxonomy aligbe but nat
cvronmentalysistanable actives 18 ow
{Got taxonomy: signed actites) (A)
Total (AiwA2) ze oe Ow
£8. TAXONOMY-NON ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Sales of Taxonomy-non-ligle atv (8) 24787 300%
Total (Av8) 24796 100%


--- Page 15 ---

Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities
Sasa substan
Bessiet mein
‘itera NSH entra rte NSH cera
Business operations r > ty 3 ior 7 at
and value creation as Bo OE : iF 64, 28 as # seb oF oF &
g8 Had 2, FE 2 Be iF gf 5 de if te $ 5 GE E  bes
$= #3 #2 e 8 §2 ¢ gh Be g 33 gi 22 f = § Hog st
Sustainability report 3 8 a at 22 ge og 3 8 8 HoH} og og ae Baa
y rep Economie ates iik 3h 6? 58 § 2H: feo Gf Econom tities ii seca! § 2 EF og a
aie ain
a mill 9% % 9% _WN_WN_YN YN YN YN YN _% En millon 9% NN YN YN VV YN et
PI ‘A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES: “A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
‘A Emirnmenalysustlable actives Tizonemy-alged) {AA Emironmesalysstalnable aches Tsonory-algned)
Consolidated financial bioenergy 420| 7s) 30% * bioenergy. a -
statements Capes of cnronmentalysustaable we) son) sen] or =| or ‘Op of enironmentally stable a) ew) ow Oe
activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) al Maced Mia “ ” ~” activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) “ “| 9 *
90 dated statement of
mm Z A2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) A2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
92 Statemer ar bioenergy 28. te bioenergy. 420 “
93 . aps of Trenance but ot Opa anon aligble ut ot
tnutormently sos aces 29m vionmentaty sustainable aces a0
oa {tat Ptooomy honed neti 2) {encom aes) A)
Total (A1¥A2) a7 ary Tota (1042) rar mom
oa
Led B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES. |B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
had Remuneration CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B) 1834 60% OpEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activi-ties (B) 92%
Capital employed Total (A+B) 3041 100% ‘Total (A+B) 100%
216 5.Capitalstructure
nd fnanca
133
135 76
140 &.Otherno Hi Most significant risks and uncertainties i Market risks

Broce Metsa Board's risk managements systematic and proactive, and it
financial statements assesses and manages business-related risks, threats and opportunities. Development of the world economy

Metsa Board's Board of Directors is responsible fo yy uncertainty, and the growth outlook
‘management and approves its risk management policy. Mets Boardsys- has weakened due tohigh inflation, tighter monetary policy and capacity

1e company's risk The global economy is marke

risks. Keyrrisks _Issuesin global production and supply chains. This situation is cause

tantly by Russia's war against Ukraine and its

tematically assesses its strategic. operational and fina

tors, most

are accounted for inthe planning processes and they are prepared for with many

ne Corporate Management Team consequences.

management measures. In addition. t
i risks as part ofits management-team work Russia's war of aggression in Ukraine has increased gl

I geopolitical

reviews the mast signi

Risks that exceed the Metsa Board's risk-bearing cap: idence in economic

icity have been tensions, eroded consumers’ and companies’ cor

erated int

transfer frivatives andother contracts ta insurance development, and ac ian. Especially in Europe, the war and
companies, banks and other counterparties. Significant damage risks are abandonment of Russian energy has caused an energy crisis, which has

-antly affected the availabilty and prices of energy. The impacts of

with insurance,

covered with the Group's property andinterruption, liability, trans
damage and cred

itinsurance policies. 'simposed on Russia and the related counter sanctions as well as

= \denttiedisks andthe means by which they are managed areeported _ thersks arising trom te crisis target international production and su

poe tothecompany's Boardof Directors andthe Boardot Directors‘Audit __chains, costs and availabilty of production inputs the energy infrastruc

tes Committee at east twicea year. The following risks and uncertainties with ture and ybersecu

tee Coop a potential impact on Metsa Bosrd's business operations and profitabilty _ThewarinUkraineisnotexpectedto end inthe short tem In adton,
pelts were identified inthe risk assessments carried aut in 2022, central banks are striving to curb inflation by raising interest rates. These

rp Goer 3s may have negative mpacts onthe economy nthe form of weaker

south prospects and a higher risk of recession ue to higher intrest
Governance

84



--- Page 16 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent

Notes to the parent:
financial

The Board's proposal to the
Annual General Meeting

for the distribution of funds
Auditor's Report

Shares and

Governance

ement

‘ates. a decrease in ealincome caused by high inflation, a further decrease
inhouseholds’ purchasing power and an extended energy crisis in Europe.
Allof these factors may have a negative impact on the demand for Mets
Board's p

ucts, business continuity or the company’s profitabilty

Changes in the operating environment
Metsa Board operatesin an industry where the balance between supply
and demand, and any changes toi, impact the demand fr and prices of
end products, New operator entering the market, alternative prod

cor changes in consumer behaviour may have anegative impact on the
demand for Mets& Board's paperboards, An increase in competitors
capacity or the expansion of product ranges may lower the price level
negatively affect Metsa Board's profitably
paperboard imports fram Asia and the Americas to Europe increase faster
than demand, this may lead to an imbalance in the market situation, Any

of end products an

significant changes ine

ange rates may also influence products’ market
balance and companies’ competitiveness.

Changes in regulation, such as the EU's climate and environmental policy
‘and tighter new requirements to limit carbon dioxide, sulphur or athe
‘emissions, may weaken Mets’ Board's profitability or hamper business
Continuity. The acceptability of single-use food and food service packaging
involves regulatory risks.

Significance of the Chinese market

Chinais a significant market area especially for Metsa Fibre. China's
‘econamie growth has slowed down in recent years due tothe
sms in the real estate market and tighter
business regulation. Increased geopolitical tensions may also influence
nomic growth. Pr
increase the problems and costs of global supply chains. The relations.
between the EU/and China are burdened by bilateral sanctions and differing

untry’s

strict coronavirus policy, p

hina’s future sms in China's industrial sector may

Views on multiple issues. Should the growth of the Chinese economy slow
down further or the relations between the EU and China deteriorate this

could affect the demand for market pulp or paperboards on the Chinese

market and consequently affect the company's profitability.

International trade restrictions and geopolitical risks
Potential changes in the industrial and trade policies of leading industria:
ised countries, the materialisation of geopolitical risks or an escalation of
geopoltical crises may lead to more extensive trade restriction measures
or the use of international sanctions. The possible consequences of
these include a further slowdown in the recovery and growth of the global
‘economy and even a curtailment of
and restrictions on international trade may affect th
Board's products and the company’s profitability

bal trade flows. Any sanctions

mand for Mets

Pulp market situation
Structural changes in customers’ pulp use. increasing competition and new
production capacity inthe global pulp market may havea negative impact
con pulp delivery volumes and markt prices and thereby on Metsa Board's
profitability. The market price of pulp strengthening (weakening) by 0%
would have a positive (negative) impact of roughly EUR 30 millon onthe
company’s operating result

86

Coronavirus pandemic
‘The coronavirus pandemic is easing, but may still cause uncertainty in the
slobal economy and Metsa Board's business environment. A prolong
pandemic could reduce the demand for Metsa Board's p
dlsruptionsin the company's product

ducts and cause

ion or supply chains.

1 Operational risks

Cost and availability risks of production inputs
Significant or unforeseen changesin the cost of Metsa Board
important production inputs ~ wood, energy and chemicals ~ and any
problems with their availablity, may reduce profitably threaten business
continuity and put the implementation and ife-cycle profitably of
planned development investments at risk
Thedise
curtaiments at mils

most

ntinuation of wood supply from Russia may result in production
ly due tothe availabilty of birch, affecting
the sales of the company's products and profitability. An extended energy
crisis and limited availabilty of natural gas, volatile electricity market prices
(or changesin the prices of emissions allowances may have anegative
impact on profitabilty

Inadaition, the availabilty of transport capacity anda steep increasein
market prices may negatively affect the company's profitability. Changes
inexchange rates may also have an effect on the costs of some production
inputs. The Group aims to hedge against these risks by making long-term.
ntracts

supply agreements and related derivatives c

Sustainability
Promoting sustainability supports Metsa Board's business andits
development, but risks also arse from climate change andbiadversty loss
inparticular. AtMetsa Board, these risks involve
as the use of energy and water, and if materials
negative impact on Metsa Board's business, Climate risks are alivided into
transition sks, ie, the risks arising from the transition toa low-corbon
economy anc 2) phy involve changes in temperatures and
precipitation, and which wil arise if elmate change isnot mitigated

‘Themost important ranstion risks include increasing regulation, as wel
as market and reputation rss, the company falls to effectively respond
to the changed market environment. The regulation aiming to combate
mate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions may resultin demands
fernew technology and impact the pricing of energy and greenhouse gas
emissions thereby increasing costs, In adeition, safeguarding carbon sinks

ly forests as wel
the risks couldhavea

risks, wl

‘and the biodiversity of forest nature with increasing regulations causes
isks for using forests. The supply and demand of productsinalow-carbon
‘economy may also ditfer from the current situation,

Physical climate risks can be further di

into acute weather phenom
‘ena and more permanent changes. Extreme weather phenomena ~ such
as storms, drought and floods ~ may cause disruptions in production or
impede the transport of raw materials and products. In the long term, both
{an increase in the frequency of droughts and increased precipitation and
floods may weaken the availabilty of the process water needed by mills
nsions. The riskis mitigatedby the fact that

‘and resuitin production su
all Metsa Board mills are located in northern areas with ample water. As the

climate becomes warmer, the most significant
ity of wood raw material willbe the weakening of
harvesting conditions due to shorter winters and increasing insect damage.

The mitigation of climate change and the transition to alow-carbon
nomy are strongly visible in Metsa Board's sustainability goals. Tran
sitioning to fully fossil free energy in production, abandoning fossi-based
raw materials and using energy and water more efficiently are atthe core of
these objectives. The measures related to the objectives help Metsa Board
tomanage climate risks. At the same time, they open new opportunities for
Metsa Board in the changed operating environment and meet the needs of
the circular economy.

sical risks influencing
forests and the avail

Forest protection must be increased to safeguard forest biodversity,

which, in turn, poses risks to wood supply. Allwood sourced by Mets3
Group comes from sustainably managed forests, and this verified by

certification or controlledin other ways. Metsa Group alsoin

ments
its ecological sustainability programme in commercial forests jointly with
forest owners The company also has anature programme for non-com
‘mercial forests, which aims to safeguard biodiversity and improve the state
cof waters in Finland through restoration projects funded by Metsa Group.
increasing EU regulation poses risks to the commercial use of forests in
Metsa Group's wood suppl. There are many different vegetation zones in
the EU area, and each zone has its own char

eristic forests. The forests,

ofeach zone, as well as the forest management practices best suite
them, differ fram one another. However, EU-based regulation concerning
forests in the EU area and their use has become clearly more detailed,
treating different areas ina similar way. This trend increases the risk for

poorly suited regulation also applying to forests from which Metsa Group
obtains raw material

Concentration of operations ina
limited geographical area
Seven of Metsé Board's eight production units ae acatedin Finland, and
one of them s located in Sweden. Finland has ahstory of labour disputes
inboth the forest industry and the aistibuto

ain of forest industry
products. These may have a negative impact on production volumes and
customer deliveries and weaken th

company’s competitiveness and
profitability. Labour disputes in Sweden may also damage Metsa Board's
production and customer deliveries and have a negative impact on the
company’s business operations.

Continuity risks
The contiuity of mils production may be impactedby, for example large
scale fires, significant equipment malfunctions, serous accidents, extreme
weather phenomena andenviranmental damage.

yees falling il due
toinfectious diseases, cyberattacks and malware and ensuing long-term
‘malfunctions in IT systems, labour disputes, availabilty issues concerning
the most important raw materials and distuptions in the logistics.
‘may suspend the entre business or parts thereot,

ain

interruptions in production or the supply chain may influence the
continuity of

customer service and delivery reliability. If such interruptions
continue for along period of time, the resulting financiallosses may be
very substantial and result in the permanent loss of customers. The

company has prepared continuity and recovery plans in preparation for the

realisation ofthese risks.

Business development
Thedevelopment and growth of Metsa Board'sbusiness requires
strategic choices that involve risks, The uncertainties in question involve

the selec

ion and timing of growth investments, for example, as well
as the development of sales and the customer portfalio. The growth of
the paperboard business and the introduction of new praduction to the
‘market are dependent on successful sales. The commercialisation of new
products involves uncertainties that, should they be realised, could have
‘a negative impact on the demand for Metsa Board's products and the
fitablity
and exchange rate risks.
Business is also being develo

sing sales ona global scale also involves cost

y modernising ps
running efficiency programmes, condu

ition technology,

ing product development,

harmonising business processes. Ifthe costs of development projects and
investments are significantly exceeded. their completion is delayed, or
their productive or commercial objectives are not met, this co
affect the company’s profitability

Business ethics
Business eth

ingeneral, as well as th

fevention of human rights
violations, conflicts of interest, misuses, corruption, bribery and money
laundering, have been identified as requiring continuous development. The
company carries out an ethics barometer aimed at the entire personnel
every other year. The anonymous Compliance and Ethics Channel and the
functioning of the related investigation process are also key tools inthe
ntitication and management of compliance-related risks. As part ofits
ongoing sustainability efforts, the compary is developing processes and
controls to help identity and more efficiently manage risks related tothe
sustainability ofthe supply chain inc

ng trade sanctions, conflicts of

interest. itregularites, corn ibery. money laundering, taxation and

human rights.

Liability risks
Metsa Bo
renmental and

‘sbusiness involves liability risks, such as contractual, env
‘oduct liability risks. Liability risks are managed by way of
efficient business processes, contract training, management practices,
ualty control and transparent operations. Some ofthe operational
lability risks have been hedged with insurance policies.

Corporate security risks
Risks to corporate security include shortcomings andneglectn personal
safety and security and safety at work andin the management of financial
duct, any negative information manipulation and cyber threats,
threats affecting the supply chains, and the adequacy finternal contro
Operating processes related to corporate security and the guidelines,
training and internal control related tothe management of threat factors
are developed continuously, and exercises onthe management of crisis

situations are organised on a regular basis.

conno AIMUALAND SUSTARAOLTYREORT2n2 «BT



--- Page 17 ---

Business operations
and value creation

Sustainability report

Financial development

R

Report of the Board of D

Consolidated financial
statements

90

o1
92

93
94.

94
96
99

6

133
135
40

Consolidated statement of
comprehensive inc

Parent company
financial statements

141

142
143

144

157
161
165
166

167

Parent company
income statement

Parent company balan

Note:
financial

The Board's proposal t
Annual General Meeting
for the distribution of funds
Auditor's Report

Shares and

Taxes and key figures

Governance

ement

Personnel availability and retention
Metsa Board;

xys attention to ensuring the availabilty and retention

of competent velopment
programmes a

Metsa Board also prepares for retirements and other personnels

‘sonnel by means of various personnel

-essor plans, and by investing inits employer image.

through the promation of multiple skills and work ability as wells through
(ob rotation

@ Financial risks

Financial and exchange rate risks
As aresut of increasing regulation nthe fnancial market, the operations
of eredit and bond markets may become more alifficult, which may impact
the company’s bility to acquire long-term debt financing at acompetitive

price. The financial risks are managed in accordance withthe treasury
policy approved by Metsa Board's Board of Directors. The purpose isto

hedge against considerable financial risks. b

lance cash flow and give the
business enough time to adjust to changing conditions.
Metsd Board sells its products in several countries andi therefore
‘exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates. The US dollar strengthening by
10% against the euro would have a positive impact of approximately EUR
100 millon on Metsa Board's annual operating result. Correspondingly

the Swedish krona strengthening by 10% would have a negative impact of
approximately EUR 50 milion. The British pound strengthening by 10%
would have a positive impact of approximately EUR 10 millon. The impact
change rates would be the opposite. The sensitivities dont
include the impact of hedging

cof weaken

Credit risks

‘The mmanagement of credit risks related to commer

‘al operationsis the

‘esponsiblity of Matsa Board's executive management and Metsa Group's
centralised credit control. Metsa Board's management determines the lim:
ison credit extended to customers and the applicable terms of payment
control. Nearly allcreit risks
are transferred by means of credit insurance contracts. Excl

incooperation with the centralised cr

ing Russia,
Metsa Board's customer credit risk was at a normal level in 2022. The main,

fined the credit guidelines ofthe risk
management policy approved by the company’s Board of Directors.

Metsa Board's financial risks and their management are described in
more detail in Note 5.6 to the 2022 consolidated financial statements
(Management of financial risks).

principles of credit controlar

1 Metsa Board's shares and trading

Metsa Boardhas two series of shares, Each series A share entitles its
holder to twenty (20) votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders, and each
series B share entitles the holder to one (1) vote. All shares carry the same
ight torecelve adividend

88

‘The year end closing price of Metsa Board's B share on the Nasdaq
Helsinkivas EUR 877. The share’s highest and lowest prices were EUR
10.49 and EUR 7.09, respectively. Correspondingly, the closing price of the
A share was EUR 10.15: the share's highest and lowest prices were EUR
10.50 and EUR 766, respectively

In January-December. the average daily trading volumes of the Band
A shares on the Nasdaq Helsinki were around 347,200 shares and around
3,400 shares respectively, The total trading volume ofthe B share was EUR
767 milion, and the total trading volume of the A share was EUR 8 milion,

At the end of 2022, the market value of all Metsa Board shares was EUR
2 billion, of which the market value ofthe B shares and the A shares
for EUR 2.Bbilion and EUR Q.3bilion respectively.

027 October 2022, the Board of Directors of Metsa Board decided
tolauncha share buyback of company’s own shares. The acquisition of
the company’s own shares started on 28 October 2022 and ended on 11
November 2022. During this period, Mets Board acquired 1,000,000 8
shares for an average price of EUR 7.8225 per share. The awn shares were
‘acquired for payment ofthe Board fees or toimplement the company’s
share-basedincentive systems.

account

(030 December 2022. Metsalitto Cooperative announced that its
‘ownership in Metsa Board had exceeded the 50% threshold, and that its
holding in Metsa Board was 50.168
Metsd Board is an entity controlled by Metsalitto Cooperative, Metsalitto
Cooperative’s ownership also includes the 1,000,000 own shares held by

of shares and 68.24% of votes. AS

Metsa Board,
Foreign and nominee-registered investors held
of allshares,

oximately 14% (14)

@ Governance

Metsa Board's statutory administrative bodies are the Annual General
Meeting, the Board of Directors and the CEO. The Board of Directors

has general authority and, accounting forthe scope and quality of the
company’s operations, itis responsible for matters that are strategic,
{ar-eaching and unusual innature, and therefore net part of the company's
day-to-day business operations. The company's operational management
's handled by the CEO, supported by the Corporate Management Team. the
are nat members ofthe Board of Directors. The tasks

members of whi

‘and responsibilities of the different corporate bodies are determinedin
accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability

smpanies Act.

Metsa Board's Board of Directors has nine members, three of whom are
women. Amajority of Board members (six of nine) are independent of both
the company andits biggest shareholders. Three members of the Board
of Directors arenot independent of Metsalitto Cooperative. During the
2022 financial period, the Board of Directors held 13 meetings, at which the

attendance of Board members was 9796 (99 in 2021),

I Resolutions of 2022 Annual General
Meeting and the Board of Directors’ authority
toissue shares
The 2022 Annual General Meeting washed on 24 March 2022in
accordance with exceptonalprocedures. The General Meeting decideato
Gstributeadvidendof EUR G4 per share. The dividend payment date was
7 ape 2022

Te gneral meeting resolved thatthe annual emunerationofthe

‘members of the Board of Directors be increased such that the Chair will
bbe paid EUR 99.000, the Vice Chair EUR 85,000 and ordinary mem
EUR 67,000 per year. n adaition it was decid
Unchanged at EUR 00 for each attended meeting of the Board of Direc

tors andits Committees. The general meeting resolved that approximately

1okeep the meeting fees

tone half of the remuneration is paid in the company’s B-series shares tobe
.equired from public trading, The transfer of suct
‘period of two years, Further, the Chair of the Auait Committee is pal

shares is restricted for

tional monthly remuneration of EUR 800,
‘The General Meeting resolved to approve the Remuneration R

tinan

advisory vote.

The general meeting fixed the number of Board members tonine (9)
‘members and elected the following persons as members of the Board of
Directors: Hannu Anttila, M.Sc (Economics), Ralja-Leena Hankonen-Ny-
bom M.Sc (Economics), Erja Hyrsky M.Sc (Economies). tka Hamala
MSc. (Technology), Mari Kiviniemi MSoc Se. (Econ), Jussi Linnaranta,
M.Sc (Agriculture) Jukka Moisio MSc (Economics), Timo Saukkonen M.Sc
(Agriculture and Veli Sundback, LLM. The term of office of the Board
‘members continues until the end ofthe next Annual General Meeting.

The Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board t
ona share issue and the issue of special rights entiting to shares as
defined in § of Chapter 10 ofthe Companies Act. The authorisation applies
toB-shares. By virtue of the authorisation the Board is entitled to issue

Lp to 35,000,000 new B-series shares, including shares to be issued

pursuant to rights entitling to shares. The number of shares corresponds to

approximately 10% of al current shares. This authorisation i effective until
30 June 2028.

The Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board to decide
on the acquisition of the company’s own shares. The number of shares
jred based on the authorisation shall nat exceed 1,000,000
B-shares, which corresponds to approximately 0.3% of all current shares.

tobeac:

This authorisation is effective until 30 June 2023.

@ Near-term outlook

The decline in global economic growth and consumers’ purchasing power
is causing uncertainty in the market. The visibility of paperboard sales
development is weak.
Metsa Board's pap
expected to remain at roughly the same level as in October~Decembe
(418,000 tonnes). The average prices for folding boxboard are expected to

board delivery volumes in January-March are

The demand outlook for market pulp is uncertain due to global econon
developments. inthe frst quarter. market pulp
than in the previous quarter. Global supply of long-fbe pulp willbe rec

es are slightly owe

ed
due to the limited availabilty of raw materialin North America. Demand for

oducts is expected to pi
Cost pressure will continue. Following the increase in wood prices and

up in the second quarter

harvesting and transport costs last year, wood costs are expected to
increase in the|

ginning ofthe year.

‘With the startup of the new recovery boiler and turbinein Husum,
depreciationin January-March s about EUR 10 milion higher than n the
previous quarter.

Nomajor annual maintenance shutdowns have been planned atthe mills

inthe frst quarter.

Exchange rate fluctuations in January-March 2023, including the impact,
of hedges. wll hve a positive impact on the operating result compared to
October-December 2022, and a notably positive impact on the operating
result compared to January-March 2022.

1 Board of Directors’ proposal for dividend

The distributable funds of the parent company on 3 December 2022 were
EUR 609.3 milion of which the retained earnings forthe financial year are
EUR 398.6 millon,

The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to be
held on 23 March 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.58 per share be distributed
for the 2022 financial period.

The proposed dividend corresponds to 50% ofthe earnings per share fo
2022. The amount of dividend totals approximately EUR 206 milion.

The dividend willbe paid to shareholders who are registered inthe com
pany’s shareholders register held by Euroclear Fila
payment record date of 27 March 2023. The Board of Director
April 2023 asthe dividend payment date.

yon the dividend
proposes 5

conn AIMUALAND SUSTARABLITY REPORT 2a BO

